
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4051262000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107694                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221898                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              436219442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4051262000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4051251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4051251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12806                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1682                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14488                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4167                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    257805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    257805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61283.937824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62372.373715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.250540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61283.937824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62372.373715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.250540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              130                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.937824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60372.373715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.250540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.937824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60372.373715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.250540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   904                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    257805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61283.937824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62372.373715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.250540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.937824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60372.373715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.250540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2708.199636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.253319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    29.278055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1230.791636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1448.129945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.150243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.176774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.330591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.406128                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    487007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    487007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.693088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.693088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.693088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.693088                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.788819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.788819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.788819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.788819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.693088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.693088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.788819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.788819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.916988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.916988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       275008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       275008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  275008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22301250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          123520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          143168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              266688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       123520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         123520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30489265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35339112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65828376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30489265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30489265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2053681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2053681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2053681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30489265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35339112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67882057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1930.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002692719750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9490                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  96                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4167                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40839000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                118876500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9812.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28562.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2653                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4167                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.596859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.248288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.790171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           628     41.10%     41.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          547     35.80%     76.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          196     12.83%     89.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      3.80%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      2.29%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      1.51%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.79%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.39%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      1.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      623.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     143.031318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1204.418144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.095445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  266368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   266688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4047814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      942009.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       123520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30489264.826614521444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35260123.882385291159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1611349.747313306434                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1930                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2237                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          130                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53913000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     64963500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  24727099500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27934.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29040.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 190208457.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5040840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2679270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13537440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              313200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      319612800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         932840910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         770134560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2044159020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.573395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1992926250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    135200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1923135750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5869080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3119490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16179240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              219240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      319612800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         881161290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         813654240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2039815380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.501225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2106471250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    135200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1809590750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36522.941009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36522.941009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36522.941009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36522.941009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34522.941009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34522.941009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34522.941009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34522.941009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    104533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24417.893016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24417.893016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22417.893016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22417.893016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55456.704421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55456.704421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146311000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146311000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53456.704421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53456.704421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.398104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.398104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186000000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    491986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    491986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.113252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47461.087012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26371.462264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.113252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47461.087012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26371.462264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.248965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45461.087012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24371.569468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.248965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45461.087012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24371.569468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186000000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    491986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.113252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47461.087012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26371.462264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.248965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45461.087012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24371.569468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.182677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.549164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.444836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.188676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4051262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7917504000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114007                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   235000                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451277899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007918                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7917504000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7917493                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7917493                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           26835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23477                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3358                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          26835                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7708                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    473355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    473355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61339.117860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61451.031971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61410.871821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61339.117860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61451.031971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61410.871821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    457939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    457939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59339.117860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59451.031971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59410.871821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59339.117860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59451.031971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59410.871821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2547                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          26835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    473355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61339.117860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61451.031971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61410.871821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    457939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59339.117860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59451.031971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59410.871821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3282.394224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.661955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    45.700023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1248.386724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1988.307477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.152391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.242713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.400683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.647461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    838059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    838059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    838059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    838059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22117.043175                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22117.043175                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22117.043175                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22117.043175                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.043175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.043175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.043175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.043175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    838059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    838059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22117.043175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22117.043175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.043175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.043175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.910787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.910787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       528000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       528000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  528000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41153750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          177024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          316288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              493312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       177024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         177024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        34688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            34688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22358561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39947943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62306505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22358561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22358561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4381179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4381179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4381179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22358561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39947943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66687683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       537.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2766.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4931.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006465650500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            30                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            30                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17953                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 490                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7708                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       542                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      72166750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                216485500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9375.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28125.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7708                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   542                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.377829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.903595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.068555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           982     37.67%     37.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          954     36.59%     74.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          339     13.00%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           95      3.64%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           59      2.26%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.53%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.99%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.11%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           57      2.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      252.966667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     102.211417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     575.487349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             23     76.67%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      6.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      3.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.233333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.206365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.971431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     36.67%     36.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.33%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  492608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    33088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   493312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 34688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7916529000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      959579.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       177024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       315584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        33088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22358561.486044086516                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39859026.278988927603                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4179094.825844103936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4942                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          542                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77411000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    139074500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 156664388250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27986.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28141.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 289048686.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7654080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4064445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22540980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1195380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      624474240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1486826760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1788257280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3935013165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.001727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4634549000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    264160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3018795000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10967040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5829120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32415600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1503360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      624474240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1878182490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1458694560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4012066410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.733740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3773386500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    264160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3879957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    543075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37805.429864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35805.569092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35805.569092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35805.569092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35805.569092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30583.169036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30583.169036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28583.376569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28583.376569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52526.438240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52526.438240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50526.438240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50526.438240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.133598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.133598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    906998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    906998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19254.315436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48392.603301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26256.310792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19254.315436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48392.603301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26256.310792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    837912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    837912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17254.315436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46392.844236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24256.368689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17254.315436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46392.844236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24256.368689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    906998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19254.315436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48392.603301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26256.310792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17254.315436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46392.844236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24256.368689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.976631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.003858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.130011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.842762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.306895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7917504000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11411129000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121940                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247873                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463814125                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011411                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11411129000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11411118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11411118                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5672                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29185                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    826315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    826315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61320.618928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60368.614818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60562.518323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61320.618928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60368.614818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60562.518323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2852                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2852                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59320.618928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58368.614818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58562.518323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59320.618928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58368.614818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58562.518323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6529                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    826315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61320.618928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60368.614818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60562.518323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59320.618928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58368.614818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58562.518323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4269.093781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              26723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.092970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.434689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1123.760858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3102.898233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.137178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.378772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.521130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886353                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    839725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    839725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    839725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    839725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22131.806441                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22131.806441                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22131.806441                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22131.806441                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    763841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    763841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20131.806441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20131.806441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20131.806441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20131.806441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    839725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    839725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22131.806441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22131.806441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20131.806441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20131.806441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.550419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.550419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1055744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1055744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1055744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           72494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          177856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          695360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              873216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       177856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         177856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       182528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           182528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15586188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60937003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76523191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15586188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15586188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15995613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15995613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15995613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15586188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60937003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              92518803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2846.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2779.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10845.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006465650500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           158                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           158                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33010                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2669                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     116537250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                371987250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8553.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27303.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10387                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2467                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.134262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    186.027136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.745713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1049     29.22%     29.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1158     32.26%     61.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          507     14.12%     75.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          155      4.32%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      3.29%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          104      2.90%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          131      3.65%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           92      2.56%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          276      7.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       73.544304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.571792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     265.232228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            147     93.04%     93.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      2.53%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.90%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.63%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.63%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.63%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.854430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.846545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.515072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11      6.96%      6.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.63%      7.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               146     92.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  871936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   180544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   873216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                182528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11409351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      691643.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       177856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       694080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       180544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15586187.834700666368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60824831.618326283991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15821747.348575236276                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10865                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2852                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77723500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    294263750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 203749112500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27968.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27083.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  71440782.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11452560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6083385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44339400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7365420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      900447600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2447234580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2321044800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5737967745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.839618                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6009632500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    380900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5020596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14187180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7540665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52935960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7360200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      900447600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2524505490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2255974560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5762951655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.029051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5838341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    380900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5191887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1049657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1049657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45148.479504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45148.479504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45148.479504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45148.479504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43148.565530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43148.565530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43148.565530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43148.565530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    764518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42739.154741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42739.154741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    728744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    728744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40739.266547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40739.266547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285139000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285139000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53187.651558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53187.651558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51187.651558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51187.651558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.011174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.011174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1355804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1355804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19270.044120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51345.749184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31655.475134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19270.044120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51345.749184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31655.475134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17270.044120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49345.870117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29655.521830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17270.044120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49345.870117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29655.521830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1355804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19270.044120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51345.749184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31655.475134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17270.044120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49345.870117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29655.521830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.514583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.997994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   109.501160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   317.015429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.619171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11411129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14767710000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127109                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469141116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014768                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14767710000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14767699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14767699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34247                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16231                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    981750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    981750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60313.871328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60486.106833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60313.871328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60486.106833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3902                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3902                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    784030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    949288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    784030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    949288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58313.871328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58486.106833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58313.871328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58486.106833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9179                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    981750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60313.871328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60486.106833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    784030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    949288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58313.871328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58486.106833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4960.239011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              31161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.394814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    48.142147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   956.445997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3955.650867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.116754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.482868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.605498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896606                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            74566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           74566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.879897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.879897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        36364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        36364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  36364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1288512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1288512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1288512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           86249500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          178304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          860480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1038784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12073910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58267666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70341576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12073910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12073910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16910408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16910408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16910408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12073910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58267666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              87251984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3886.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13423.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006465650500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40084                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3656                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3902                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3902                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     137332000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    81045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                441250750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8472.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27222.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12306                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3902                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.289498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.864396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    297.260598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1164     26.58%     26.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1466     33.47%     60.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          726     16.58%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          174      3.97%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      2.97%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          121      2.76%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      3.42%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      2.53%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          338      7.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       71.981481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.686445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     268.756827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            203     93.98%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.85%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.39%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.46%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.46%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.46%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.46%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.884259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.877870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.463086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.46%      6.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               203     93.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1037376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   247232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1038784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14762559000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      733251.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       859072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       247232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12073909.902076896280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58172323.264744497836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16741390.506720405072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13445                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3902                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77909750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    363341000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 264563184750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27964.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27024.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67801943.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13466040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7157370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50451240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9996300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1165357440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3008845320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3137036160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7392309870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.572524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8125199500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    492960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6149550500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17807160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9464730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65281020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10168560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1165357440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3529092870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2698932960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7496104740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.601025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6980785000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    492960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7293965000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1363567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1363567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42415.297997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42415.297997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42415.297997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42415.297997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1299273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1299273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1299273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1299273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40415.360209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40415.360209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40415.360209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40415.360209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    984079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    984079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38996.592035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38996.592035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36996.671290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36996.671290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    379488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54894.835817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54894.835817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52894.835817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52894.835817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.463218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.463218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1605502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1605502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45424.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.344797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45424.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.344797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43424.276261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.384417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43424.276261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.384417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1605502000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45424.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.344797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43424.276261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.384417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.306790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.838997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    84.731692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.736100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.165492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14767710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18047937000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   258509                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471197570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018048                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18047937000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18047926                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18047926                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14151                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37664                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17274                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1049532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1049532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60650.331309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60757.902049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60650.331309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60757.902049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3906                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3906                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1014984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1014984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58650.331309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58757.902049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58650.331309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58757.902049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9939                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1049532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60650.331309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60757.902049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1014984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58650.331309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58757.902049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5416.143464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              35207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.542308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.751021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   836.883361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4514.509082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.102159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.551088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7632                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.931641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.083477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.083477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1355520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1355520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1355520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91884750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          178304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          927232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9879467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51376066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61255533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9879467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9879467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13851112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13851112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13851112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9879467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51376066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75106645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3888.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006465650500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           216                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43016                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3656                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3906                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3906                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     150718500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    86260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                474193500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8736.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27486.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3906                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     270.529730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.612291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    285.264526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1411     28.25%     28.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1834     36.72%     64.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          726     14.53%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          174      3.48%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      2.60%     85.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          121      2.42%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      3.00%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      2.22%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          338      6.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       71.981481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.686445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     268.756827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            203     93.98%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.85%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.39%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.46%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.46%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.46%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.46%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.884259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.877870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.463086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.46%      6.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               203     93.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1104128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   247232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1105536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18046096000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      852034.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       925824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       247232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9879467.110285235569                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51298051.406096994877                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13698629.377972673625                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14488                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3906                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77909750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    396283750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 264563184750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27964.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27352.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67732510.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16600500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8819580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55820520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9996300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1424120880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3771581130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3754339680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9041278590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.959117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9722804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    602420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7722713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19070940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10136445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67358760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10168560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1424120880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3928332270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3622338720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9081526575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.189178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9377201750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    602420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8068315250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1535260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1535260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1535260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1535260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40375.016437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40375.016437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40375.016437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40375.016437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1459212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1459212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38375.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38375.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38375.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38375.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1108511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36653.473531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36653.473531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1048027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34653.539662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34653.539662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    426749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54837.959393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54837.959393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52837.959393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52837.959393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.742530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.742530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1222033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1729178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1222033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1729178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42668.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31474.508091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42668.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31474.508091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40668.819832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29474.544495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40668.819832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29474.544495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1222033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1729178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42668.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31474.508091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40668.819832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29474.544495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.796283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.922414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.331639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   369.542230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.135413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.721762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18047937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21401313000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 141332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   278207                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              504108156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021401                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21401313000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21401302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21401302                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16863                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40376                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19222                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1167310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1167310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.889998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60727.811882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.889998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60727.811882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4034                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4034                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58627.889998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58727.811882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58627.889998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58727.811882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11544                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1167310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.300790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.889998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60727.811882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1128866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.493588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59317.300790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58627.889998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58727.811882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5790.771584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              44337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.840696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.324452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   724.583255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4989.863876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.609114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.706881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7975                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973511                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22141.927324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20141.927324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.227087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.227087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        42478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        42478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1488384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1488384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1488384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            39392000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          102258250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          178304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1051904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1230208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         178304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           258176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8331451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49151377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57482828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8331451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8331451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12063559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12063559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12063559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8331451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49151377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              69546387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4016.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16414.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013327844750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47902                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19222                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4034                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4034                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     167054000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    96000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                527054000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8700.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27450.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14107                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19222                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4034                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     265.757076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    174.319697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    279.259116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1517     27.18%     27.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2189     39.22%     66.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          750     13.44%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          189      3.39%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      2.67%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      2.78%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          174      3.12%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          118      2.11%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          341      6.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       86.022422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.767207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.618388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            208     93.27%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.79%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.35%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.45%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.45%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.45%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.45%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.45%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.887892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.881691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.456175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12      5.38%      5.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.45%      5.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               210     94.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1228800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   255296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1230208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                258176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21400893000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      920231.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       178304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1050496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       255296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8331451.439451401122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 49085586.477801613510                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11928987.721454285085                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4034                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77909750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    449144250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 468599162750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27964.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27326.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 116162410.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19013820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10098495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             63189000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10293840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1689030720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4497228180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4430964960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10719819015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.895390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11474882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    714480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9211951000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20863080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11085195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             73899000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10528740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1689030720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4572160380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4367864160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10745431275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.092151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11309456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    714480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9377376250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1781394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1781394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1781394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1781394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39066.514617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39066.514617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39066.514617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39066.514617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1690198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1690198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37066.558477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37066.558477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37066.558477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37066.558477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1308283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1308283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35309.376012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35309.376012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1234181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1234181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33309.429990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33309.429990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473111000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473111000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55354.042354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55354.042354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53354.042354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53354.042354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.939563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.939563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1396495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1903640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1396495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1903640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41936.786787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31940.804376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41936.786787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31940.804376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39936.846847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29940.837934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39936.846847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29940.837934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1396495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1903640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19283.813073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41936.786787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31940.804376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17283.813073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39936.846847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29940.837934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.141584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.009627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.468051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.663906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.114195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21401313000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24896263000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 145047                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   284287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              515871770                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024896                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24896263000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24896263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24896263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           47266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23753                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          47266                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         22468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        22468                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1354599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1354599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61313.999284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60144.803050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.145985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61313.999284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60144.803050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.145985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        22468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        22468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59313.999284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58144.803050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58290.145985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59313.999284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58144.803050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58290.145985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14775                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          47266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        22468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1354599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61313.999284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60144.803050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60290.145985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59313.999284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58144.803050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58290.145985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6099.706114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            22767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.584838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.209689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   629.631703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5402.864721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.659529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.744593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975586                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           104383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          104383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    840806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    840806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.123511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.123511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.123511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.123511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.123511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.123511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.123511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.123511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.123511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.123511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    764894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.123511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.123511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.335589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.335589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        49551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        49551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1733312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1733312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1733312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            45543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          119393750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          178752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1259200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1437952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       178752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         178752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       295360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           295360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            19675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7179873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           50577872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57757745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7179873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7179873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11863628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11863628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11863628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7179873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          50577872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              69621372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19614.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013327844750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           256                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           256                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                55789                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4336                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22468                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22468                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     186578250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   112035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                606709500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8326.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27076.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16886                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4022                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22468                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.084211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    184.578587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.663550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1565     25.74%     25.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2307     37.94%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          785     12.91%     76.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          236      3.88%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          211      3.47%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          214      3.52%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          217      3.57%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          124      2.04%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          421      6.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       87.406250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.471858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     309.499088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            239     93.36%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.56%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.17%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.39%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.39%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.39%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.39%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.78%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.39%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.39%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.894531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.888666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.443482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13      5.08%      5.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.39%      5.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               242     94.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1434048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   293184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1437952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                295360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24815602000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      916279.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       178752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1255296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       293184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7179872.738330246881                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50421061.184965796769                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11776225.210988493636                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2793                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19675                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4615                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     78096000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    528613500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 516348044500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27961.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26867.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 111884733.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20534640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10914420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             72014040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10868040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1965004080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4936319700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5403264480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12418919400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.826647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13998523250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    831220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10066519750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22876560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12159180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             87971940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13044780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1965004080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5110654770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5256456000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12468167310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.804772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13613859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    831220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10451184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2167607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2167607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38288.149365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38288.149365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38288.149365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38288.149365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2054381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2054381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2054381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2054381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36288.149365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36288.149365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36288.149365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36288.149365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1685951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1685951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35278.321825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35278.321825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1590371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33278.321825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33278.321825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481656000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481656000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54590.955457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54590.955457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52590.955457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52590.955457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.088428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.088428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1708563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2216205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1708563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2216205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19297.574698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39342.428848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31780.838615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19297.574698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39342.428848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31780.838615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1621707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1621707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17297.574698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37342.428848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29780.838615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17297.574698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37342.428848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29780.838615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1708563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2216205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19297.574698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39342.428848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31780.838615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    455030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1621707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17297.574698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37342.428848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29780.838615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.402469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.034523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.327043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.040903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.098295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.761799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24896263000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
