
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12745265000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49882                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34249392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    59395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              635740608                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1190751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012745                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12745265000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1190751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      856948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3343                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563262                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12745254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12745254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               237632                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              182584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46588                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 810518                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        810518                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               811029                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1191629                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1191629                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3022753                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             287138                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        861555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     856947                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    330028     27.68%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.38%     28.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47149      3.95%     32.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             809798     67.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1192420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107245                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6255927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6285604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6255927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6285604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58608.472845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58609.762693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58608.472845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58609.762693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        41141                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            41141                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6042445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6071114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6042445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6071114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56608.472845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56609.762693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56608.472845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56609.762693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 41709                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6255927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6285604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58608.472845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58609.762693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6042445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6071114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56608.472845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56609.762693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        45695.309162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              82951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            41709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.988803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   258.052097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 45437.257065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.693318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.697255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320756                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562623                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562623                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.395009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.395009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1563901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1563901                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       255631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       255631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 255631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      9496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9496704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           312950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          564746250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6831424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6863680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2633024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2633024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         41141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               41141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2530822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          535997015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              538527838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2530822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2530822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       206588408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             206588408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       206588408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2530822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         535997015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             745116245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     41141.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2459                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2459                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               256523                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               38718                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107245                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       41141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     41141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       10.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     707154000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2717997750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6593.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25343.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     98102                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    37591                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107245                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 41141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     749.749664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    580.271609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    373.408519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           500      3.95%      3.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2187     17.27%     21.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          469      3.70%     24.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          384      3.03%     27.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          498      3.93%     31.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          385      3.04%     34.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          394      3.11%     38.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          437      3.45%     41.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7409     58.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.608377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.824273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1322.560227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          2458     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.718991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.691846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1564     63.60%     63.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                43      1.75%     65.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               831     33.79%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                21      0.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6863680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2631168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6863680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2633024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        538.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        206.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     538.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     206.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12745181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       85892.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6831424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2631168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2530822.230844160542                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 535997015.362175643444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 206442784.830287933350                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        41141                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2705112500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 123888411500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25342.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3011312.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              45253320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24048915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            383460840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           107699040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3002090250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2366105760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6934209165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.061592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6078663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    425360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6241241750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45167640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24007170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           106905600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1005551040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2998366440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2369241600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6931507950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.849653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6086741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    425360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6233163500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753081                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753081                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106821                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106821                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8071759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8071759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8071759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8071759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       859902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           859902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       859902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          859902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75563.409816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75563.409816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75563.409816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75563.409816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106461                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106461                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7858119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7858119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7858119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7858119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73563.428539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73563.428539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73563.428539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73563.428539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106564                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         748615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             748615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8063243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8063243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       855279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         855279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75594.792995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75594.792995                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7849917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7849917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73594.811745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73594.811745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.438688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  857858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.050167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.438688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                966722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               966722                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7430234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7466404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7430234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7466404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69601.457557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.282453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69601.457557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.282453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106181                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7216728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7216728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67601.476291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67564.301087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67601.476291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67564.301087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    106963                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7430234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7466404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69601.457557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.282453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7216728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7251744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67601.476291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67564.301087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.305559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               106963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.384768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.252234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.668557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107460                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13649984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13690880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            639765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12745265000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26020669000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  55086                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    65129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              716681864                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2364657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26020669000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91209                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2364657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1728206                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6739                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3131866                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26020658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26020658                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               455022                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              356496                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1636600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1636600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1637111                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2367233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2367233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6029527                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             548006                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1732813                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1728205                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    634374     26.79%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.19%     27.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92325      3.90%     30.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1635880     69.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2368024                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215940                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13024578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13054255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13024578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13054255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       216025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       216025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60456.831727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60453.158285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60456.831727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60453.158285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       149836                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           149836                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12593706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12622375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12593706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12622375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58456.831727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58453.158285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58456.831727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58453.158285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                150404                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13024578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13054255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       216025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60456.831727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60453.158285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12593706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12622375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58456.831727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58453.158285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        55817.769369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             300341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           150404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   126.397302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 55691.372066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.849783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           646841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          646841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131227                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131227                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3131866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3131866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3131866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.703668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.703668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132505                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       149836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       581716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       581716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     23409664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     23409664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23409664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           965120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1136753000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13787904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13820160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9589504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9589504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        149836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              149836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1239630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          529882764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              531122394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1239630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1239630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       368534106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             368534106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       368534106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1239630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         529882764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             899656500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    149836.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          8967                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          8967                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               579730                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              141082                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215940                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      149836                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215940                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    149836                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              9374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              9356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              9373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              9409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1822307000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5871182000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8438.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27188.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    196272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   137021                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215940                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                149836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    3035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    8955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    8982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    8993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    8968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    8968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    8968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    8968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    8968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    8970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    8972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    9014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    8967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    8967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    8967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    8967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    8967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        32457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     721.182611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    544.457590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    382.622207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1308      4.03%      4.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6261     19.29%     23.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1315      4.05%     27.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1043      3.21%     30.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1500      4.62%     35.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1049      3.23%     38.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1080      3.33%     41.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1294      3.99%     45.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17607     54.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         32457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.080517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.716086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     692.584191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          8966     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           8967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.706925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              5743     64.05%     64.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               156      1.74%     65.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3021     33.69%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                47      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           8967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13820160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9587904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13820160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9589504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        531.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        368.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     531.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     368.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26020585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       71138.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13787904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9587904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1239629.926501889713                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 529882763.583057761192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 368472616.903124213219                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       149836                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5858296750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 447517534500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27192.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2986715.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             116082120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              61695315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772041060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           391807980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2053512240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6151386420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4811822400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14358347535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.805472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12333470250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    868660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12818538750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             115668000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              61479000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            769770540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           390205440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2053512240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6135953100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4824818880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14351407200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.538748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12367684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    868660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12784324750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1513946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1513946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1513946                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1513946                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215516                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215516                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16688225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16688225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16688225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16688225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1729462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1729462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1729462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1729462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77433.810019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77433.810019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77433.810019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77433.810019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215156                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215156                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16257195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16257195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16257195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16257195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75433.819299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75433.819299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75433.819299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75433.819299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215259                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1509480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1509480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16679709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16679709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1724839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1724839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77450.717175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77450.717175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16248993000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16248993000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75450.726461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75450.726461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.235249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1727418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.024835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.235249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1944977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1944977                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15394530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15430700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15394530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15430700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71453.244155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71429.827891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71453.244155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71429.827891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14963634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14998650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14963634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14998650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69453.253438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69429.837149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69453.253438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69429.837149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215658                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15394530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15430700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71453.244155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71429.827891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14963634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14998650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69453.253438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69429.837149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215156                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215156                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215156                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215156                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.680227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.188464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.103174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.388589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27562944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27603840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1291935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1077575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26020669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39294790000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  58709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    69249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              768984033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3538571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039295                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39294790000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134687                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3538571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2599471                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700485                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39294779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39294779                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               672412                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              530410                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133544                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2462687                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2462687                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2463199                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3542846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3542846                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9036325                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             808876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2599470                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    938722     26.49%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.13%     26.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137503      3.88%     30.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2461967     69.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3543637                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324636                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19791889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19821566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19791889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19821566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61061.200375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.818603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61061.200375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.818603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       258532                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           258532                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19143625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19172294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19143625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19172294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59061.200375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.818603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59061.200375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.818603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                259100                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19791889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19821566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61061.200375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61057.818603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19143625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19172294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59061.200375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59057.818603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        59100.671995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             517733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           259100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    83.699197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 59016.972798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           972929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          972929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4699846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4699846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4699846                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4699846                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4699846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4699846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.803771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.803771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701124                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       258532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       907804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       907804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 907804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37322752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     37322752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37322752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1617296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1708771000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20744448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20776704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     16546048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         16546048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        258532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              258532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             820872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          527918536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              528739408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        820872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            820872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       421074855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             421074855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       421074855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            820872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         527918536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             949814263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    258532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324132.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         15478                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         15478                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               902933                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              243455                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324636                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      258532                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    258532                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              16242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              16128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              16130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              16184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             16144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             16158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             16140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             16157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             16193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             16256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2936062000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9022987000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9044.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27794.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    294424                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   236457                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324636                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                258532                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    5532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   15453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   15495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   15516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   15483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   15484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   15561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   15479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   15478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     714.214720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    535.958806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.608136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2118      4.05%      4.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10345     19.80%     23.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2165      4.14%     27.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1694      3.24%     31.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2493      4.77%     36.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1720      3.29%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1763      3.37%     42.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2136      4.09%     46.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        27820     53.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.973059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.695423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     527.156105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         15477     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          15478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.701124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.674659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.951407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9947     64.27%     64.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               272      1.76%     66.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5197     33.58%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                62      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          15478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20776704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 16544000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20776704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              16546048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        528.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        421.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     528.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     421.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39294724000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67381.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20744448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     16544000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 820872.181782877538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 527918535.765173912048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 421022736.093003630638                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324132                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       258532                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9010101750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 771150369000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27797.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2982804.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             186639600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              99201300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159585980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           675269640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3101473440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9292494540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7263940800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21778605300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.236460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18604878250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1311960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19377951750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             186461100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              99102630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1158315060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           674100360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3101473440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9280701810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7273871520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21774025920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.119921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18630998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1311960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19351832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2274816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2274816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2274816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2274816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25303368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25303368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25303368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25303368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78045.747844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78045.747844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78045.747844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78045.747844                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323852                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323852                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24654946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24654946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24654946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24654946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76045.754013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76045.754013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76045.754013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76045.754013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     323955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2270350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2270350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25294852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25294852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2594405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2594405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78057.280400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78057.280400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24646744000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24646744000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124905                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76057.286572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76057.286572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.493589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2596986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                323955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.016502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.493589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2923239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2923239                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23357497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23393667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23357497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23393667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72058.791590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.137582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72058.791590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.137582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22709209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22744225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22709209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22744225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70058.797760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70042.143741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70058.797760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70042.143741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324354                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23357497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23393667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72058.791590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72042.137582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22709209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22744225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70058.797760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70042.143741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.126058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 647934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.124799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.730512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.270746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973569                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324851                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323852                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41476032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41516928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1944111000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39294790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52570711000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76891                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              857768060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4712496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52570711000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178166                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4712496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3470743                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269112                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52570700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52570700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               889807                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              704324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177023                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3288783                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3288783                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3289294                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4718469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4718469                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12043148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1069748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3475350                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3470742                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1243073     26.34%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.10%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182679      3.87%     30.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3288063     69.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4719260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26560968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26590645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26560968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26590645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61366.103856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61363.215733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61366.103856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61363.215733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       367228                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           367228                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25695312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25723981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25695312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25723981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.103856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59363.215733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.103856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59363.215733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                367796                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26560968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26590645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61366.103856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61363.215733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25695312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25723981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.103856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59363.215733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432268                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432268                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432268                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432268                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        60725.814676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             735125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           367796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    62.562258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 60663.252418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.925648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1299017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1299017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268473                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268473                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.853326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.853326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269751                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       367228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1233892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1233892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1233892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     51235840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     51235840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                51235840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2269472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2280778500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27700992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27733248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     23502592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         23502592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        367228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              367228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             613574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          526928236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              527541809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        613574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            613574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       447066276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             447066276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       447066276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            613574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         526928236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             974608085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    367228.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432828.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         21987                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         21987                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1226148                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              345823                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      367228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    367228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              23040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              23040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              22935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              22912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              22912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              22912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              22912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              22912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              22914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              22968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             22928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             22942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             22924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             22941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             22977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             23040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4051595500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2166660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12176570500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9349.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28099.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    392595                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   335898                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                367228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    7857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   21952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   22005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   22045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   21993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   21992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   22102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   21987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        72046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     711.126114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    532.197356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.461694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2933      4.07%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14424     20.02%     24.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3016      4.19%     28.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2334      3.24%     31.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3495      4.85%     36.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2371      3.29%     39.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2459      3.41%     43.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2984      4.14%     47.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38030     52.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         72046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.708464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.689281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     442.297048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         21986    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          21987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.701187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.674721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.951398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14131     64.27%     64.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               381      1.73%     66.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7389     33.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                86      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          21987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27733248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 23501376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27733248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              23502592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        527.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        447.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     527.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     447.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52570609000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65667.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27700992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     23501376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 613573.592337375856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 526928235.762305021286                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 447043145.374237000942                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432828                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       367228                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12163685250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1094833535250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28102.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2981345.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             257197080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             136703490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           958569480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4149434640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12432126360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9717994080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29199113190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.425495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24882387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1755260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25933063250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             257225640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             136711080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1546902420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           958261500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4149434640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12428823210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9720775680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29198134170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.406872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24889185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1755260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25926265750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432908                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432908                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33920279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33920279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33920279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33920279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3468602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3468602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3468602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78354.474854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78354.474854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78354.474854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78354.474854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432548                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432548                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33054465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33054465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33054465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33054465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76354.479474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76354.479474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76354.479474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76354.479474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432651                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3031228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3031228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33911763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  33911763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3463979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3463979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78363.222731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78363.222731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33046263000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33046263000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124929                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76363.227352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76363.227352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.621475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3466554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.012356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.621475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3901509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3901509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31322232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31358402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31322232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31358402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72364.290813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72351.406725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72364.290813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72351.406725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432268                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432268                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30456552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30491568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30456552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30491568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70364.295434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70351.411340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70364.295434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70351.411340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433050                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31322232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31358402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72364.290813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72351.406725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30456552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30491568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70364.295434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70351.411340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.346759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.093283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.546033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.707443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299657                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433546                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55389120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55430016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2596287000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2164535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52570711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                65843942000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  74757                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    88009                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              984449195                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5886402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.065844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65843942000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221644                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5886402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4342002                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16931                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837718                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         65843931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   65843931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1107197                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              878236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220501                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4114865                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4114865                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4115376                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5894074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5894074                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049926                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1330616                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4346609                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4342001                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1547419     26.25%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.08%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227856      3.87%     30.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4114145     69.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5894865                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        542027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       542027                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33327442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33357119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33327442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33357119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.908569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.434283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.908569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.434283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       475923                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           475923                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       542027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       542027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32244396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32273065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32244396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32273065000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.908569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.434283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.908569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.434283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                476491                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       542027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33327442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33357119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.908569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61541.434283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32244396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32273065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.908569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59541.434283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       540963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       540963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       540963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       540963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        61695.481725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             952515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           476491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.950569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 61645.531156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.940636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.882893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.882893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838357                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       475923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1559977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1559977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1559977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     65148800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     65148800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65148800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2921642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2852798750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34657472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34689728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     30459072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         30459072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        475923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              475923                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             489886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          526357793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              526847679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        489886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            489886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       462594904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             462594904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       462594904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            489886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         526357793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             989442582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    475923.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541523.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         28495                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         28495                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1549360                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              448193                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542027                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      475923                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542027                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    475923                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              29824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              29824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              29824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              29738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              29696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              29696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              29696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              29696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              29698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              29752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             29712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             29726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             29708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             29725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             29761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             29824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5164558000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2710135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15327564250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9528.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28278.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    490743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   435334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542027                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                475923                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   28448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   28515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   28576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   28496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   28496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   28496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   28503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   28500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   28645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   28495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        91849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     709.283106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    530.116567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.860032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3734      4.07%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18502     20.14%     24.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3872      4.22%     28.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2998      3.26%     31.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4497      4.90%     36.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3046      3.32%     39.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3138      3.42%     43.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3834      4.17%     47.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48228     52.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         91849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.021618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.685894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     388.519691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         28494    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          28495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.701176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.674710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.951378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18313     64.27%     64.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               496      1.74%     66.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9574     33.60%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               112      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          28495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34689728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 30457600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34689728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              30459072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        526.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        462.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     526.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     462.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    65843840000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64682.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34657472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     30457600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 489885.614685706387                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 526357793.098110675812                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 462572547.676443755627                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541523                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       475923                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15314679000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1418416990750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28280.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980349.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             327690300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             174171525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934590140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1241869320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5197395840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15567507120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12174594240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36617818485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.130410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31165606000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2198560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32479776000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             328118700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             174395430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1935482640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1242328680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5197395840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15577930140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12165816960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36621468390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.185843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31141816500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2198560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32503565500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3796559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3796559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3796559                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3796559                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541603                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541603                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42534568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42534568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42534568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42534568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78534.587142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78534.587142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78534.587142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78534.587142                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541243                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541243                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41451364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41451364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41451364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41451364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76534.590835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76534.590835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76534.590835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76534.590835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541346                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3792093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3792093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42526052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42526052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4333539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4333539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78541.631114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78541.631114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41443162000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41443162000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76541.634808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76541.634808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.697780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4336114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.697780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4879764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4879764                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39284351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39320521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39284351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39320521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72542.455165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72531.964738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72542.455165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72531.964738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         540963                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               540963                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38201281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38236297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38201281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38236297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70542.458858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70531.968427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70542.458858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70531.968427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541745                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39284351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39320521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72542.455165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72531.964738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38201281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38236297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70542.458858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70531.968427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.478443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.074479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.435960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.968004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69302080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69342976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3248457000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  65843942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79119834000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84503                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    99436                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1114303535                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7060308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079120                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79119834000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            265122                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7060308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5213260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20327                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79119823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79119823                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1324587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1052148                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       263979                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4940947                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4940947                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4941458                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7069678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7069678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18056700                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1591484                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5217867                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5213259                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1851765     26.19%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.06%     26.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273032      3.86%     30.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4940227     69.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7070469                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650722                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40096581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40126258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40096581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40126258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61666.365742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61664.209908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61666.365742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61664.209908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       584618                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           584618                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38796145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38824814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38796145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38824814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59666.365742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59664.209908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59666.365742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59664.209908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                585186                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40096581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40126258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61666.365742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61664.209908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38796145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38824814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59666.365742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59664.209908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        62339.900492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1169905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           585186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.569126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 62298.331366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.950597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405683                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405683                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.902543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.460432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.902543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9406961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9406961                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       584618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1886062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1886062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1886062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     79061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     79061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                79061760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3573812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3424793750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41613952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41646208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37415552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37415552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        584618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              584618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             407685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          525961063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              526368748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        407685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            407685                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       472897251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             472897251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       472897251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            407685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         525961063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             999265999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    584618.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35006                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35006                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1872552                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              550553                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      584618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    584618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6280210750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3253610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18481248250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9651.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28401.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    588920                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   534762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                584618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   12488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   34946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       111629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     708.232305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    528.800715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.175552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4545      4.07%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22583     20.23%     24.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4714      4.22%     28.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3643      3.26%     31.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5490      4.92%     36.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3704      3.32%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3824      3.43%     43.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4674      4.19%     47.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        58452     52.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        111629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.588556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     350.531016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         35005    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.699709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.673292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.950471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             22519     64.33%     64.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               607      1.73%     66.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             11753     33.57%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               127      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41646208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37413760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41646208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37415552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        526.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        472.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     526.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     472.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79119732000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64046.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41613952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37413760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 407685.385184200481                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 525961063.062897741795                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 472874601.834983646870                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650218                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       584618                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18468363000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1742078284250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28403.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979857.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             398304900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             211704075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322092220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1525169160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6245357040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18707821230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14628061920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44038510545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.605194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37441156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2641860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39036817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             398733300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             211927980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2324062860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1526390640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6245357040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18725726070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14612984160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44045182050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.689515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37400838750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2641860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39077135250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4557424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4557424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4557424                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4557424                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51151522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51151522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51151522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51151522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5207722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5207722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5207722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5207722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78658.587294                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78658.587294                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78658.587294                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78658.587294                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649938                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649938                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49850928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49850928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49850928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49850928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.590369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76658.590369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76658.590369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76658.590369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650041                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4552958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4552958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51143006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51143006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5203099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5203099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78664.483550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78664.483550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49842726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49842726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76664.486627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76664.486627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.748491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5205674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.748491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5858019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5858019                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47249135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47285305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47249135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47285305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.152846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72656.305700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.152846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72656.305700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649658                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649658                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45948675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45983691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45948675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45983691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70665.155922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70656.308773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70665.155922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70656.308773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650440                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47249135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47285305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72665.152846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72656.305700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45948675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45983691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70665.155922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70656.308773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.565958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.061982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.362808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.141168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951827                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650937                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83215040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83255936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3900627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3251485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79119834000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92393907000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93327                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109782                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    75.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1231836443                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8234218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092394                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92393907000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308600                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8234218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4623                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6084519                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23723                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10974932                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92393907                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92393907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1541977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1226062                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5767030                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5767030                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5767541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         795                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8245286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8245286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21063479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1852354                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4608                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6089127                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6084519                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2156113     26.15%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4506      0.05%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318209      3.86%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5766310     69.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8246077                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759418                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46863883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  46893560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46863883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  46893560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61751.243224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.339626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61751.243224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.339626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       693314                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           693314                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45346055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45374724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45346055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45374724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59751.243224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59749.339626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59751.243224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59749.339626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                693882                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46863883000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46893560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58882.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61751.243224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.339626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45346055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45374724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56882.936508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59751.243224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59749.339626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        62799.078587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    35.596962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 62763.481625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.957695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974293                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974293                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10974932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10974932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10974932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63507.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61507.042254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10974932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.167449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975571                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       693314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2212150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2212150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2212150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92974848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92974848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92974848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4225988000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3996822750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48570496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48602752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     44372096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         44372096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        693314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              693314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             349114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          525689383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              526038497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        349114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            349114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       480249158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             480249158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       480249158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            349114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         525689383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1006287655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    693314.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758914.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052732500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         41514                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         41514                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2195773                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              652915                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759418                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      693314                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    693314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              43346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              43264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              43264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              43266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              43320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             43280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             43294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             43276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             43293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             43329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7393945750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3797090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21633033250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9736.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28486.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    687069                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   634196                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759418                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                693314                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   13946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   41444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   41537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   41628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   41526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   41520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   41735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   41515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   41514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   41514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   41514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       131436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     707.356402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    527.806291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.355757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5355      4.07%      4.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        26662     20.29%     24.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5574      4.24%     28.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4287      3.26%     31.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6505      4.95%     36.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4364      3.32%     40.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4520      3.44%     43.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5533      4.21%     47.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        68636     52.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        131436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        41514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.292745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     321.884985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         41513    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          41514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        41514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.700005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.673583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.950562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26699     64.31%     64.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               721      1.74%     66.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             13943     33.59%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               151      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          41514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48602752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 44370176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48602752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              44372096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        526.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        480.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     526.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     480.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92393876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63600.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48570496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     44370176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 349113.930207540630                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 525689383.391915678978                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 480228376.964294850826                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758914                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       693314                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12885250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21620148000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2065697823500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25565.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28488.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979454.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             468919500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             249236625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709594300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1808469000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7293318240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21847546530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17081326560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51458410755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.945933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43715319500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3085160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45593427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             469540680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             249562995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2712650220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1810473480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7293318240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21868837740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17063397120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51467780475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.047344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43667455500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3085160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45641291500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         758993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             758993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        758993                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            758993                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59766656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59766656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59766656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59766656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6077283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6077283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6077283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6077283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78744.673535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78744.673535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78744.673535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78744.673535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758634                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758634                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        758993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       758993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58248670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58248670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58248670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58248670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76744.673535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76744.673535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76744.673535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76744.673535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758737                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5313824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5313824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59758140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59758140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6072660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6072660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78749.743027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78749.743027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58240468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58240468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76749.743027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76749.743027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.784625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6077283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                758993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.007034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.784625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6836276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6836276                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55212093000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55248263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55212093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55248263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72750.298448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72742.652761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72750.298448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72742.652761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758354                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758354                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53694241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53729257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53694241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53729257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70750.298448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70742.652761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70750.298448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70742.652761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759136                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55212093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55248263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62686.308492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72750.298448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72742.652761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53694241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53729257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60686.308492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70750.298448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70742.652761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.628316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.053077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.310684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.264555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2277914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2277914                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758634                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2277898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97128128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97169024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4552802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3794965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92393907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
