
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4040533000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34316856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233497                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457806753                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004041                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4040533000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4040522                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4040522                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12931                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14626                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4029                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    246800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    246800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60436.011080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61921.312950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.894763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60436.011080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61921.312950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.894763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               68                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58436.011080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59921.312950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.894763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58436.011080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59921.312950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.894763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    85                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60436.011080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61921.312950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.894763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58436.011080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59921.312950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.894763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2997.458439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.117647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.320994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1460.575347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1536.562098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.023446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.060287                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    478066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    478066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22882.730232                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22882.730232                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22882.730232                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22882.730232                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20882.825962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20882.825962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20882.825962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20882.825962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    478066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22882.730232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22882.730232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20882.825962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20882.825962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.906158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.906158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           68                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       262208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       262208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  262208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4369000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          115520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              257856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       115520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         115520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            68                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  68                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28590287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35227036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63817323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28590287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28590287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1077086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1077086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1077086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28590287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35227036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64894409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        68.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004083378500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  34                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          68                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        68                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36888000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                112431750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9155.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27905.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       30                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 44.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    68                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.036466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.019317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.275685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           569     39.90%     39.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          508     35.62%     75.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          203     14.24%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      3.58%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      2.31%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      1.61%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.98%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.21%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      1.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1832.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     301.662063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2556.191014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  257856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   257856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4037085000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      985375.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       115520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28590287.469499692321                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35227035.641089923680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 570221.799945700215                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1805                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2224                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           68                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     48899500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     63532250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks   4089448000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27091.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28566.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  60138941.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4633860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2459160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12887700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              167040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         864912870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         823217280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2026661430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.582695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2131680250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1774172750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5569200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2952510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15879360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      318383520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         841009920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         843346080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2027161470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.706451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2184036500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    134680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1721816500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36268.167569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36268.167569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36268.167569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36268.167569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    240494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34268.167569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34268.167569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34268.167569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34268.167569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24033.637001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24033.637001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22033.637001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22033.637001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151642000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55404.457435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55404.457435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53404.457435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53404.457435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.383265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.383265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    481257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    481257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20156.409038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47004.848176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25796.365780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20156.409038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47004.848176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25796.365780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.544751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45004.848176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23796.472985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.544751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45004.848176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23796.472985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    481257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20156.409038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47004.848176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25796.365780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.544751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45004.848176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23796.472985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.156890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.546685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.440576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.169630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4040533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7890885000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127144                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   262081                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              501588588                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007891                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7890885000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7890874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7890874                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23795                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27227                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7316                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    445952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    445952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61015.114379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60925.842235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60955.713505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61015.114379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60925.842235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60955.713505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    431320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59015.114379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58925.842235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58955.713505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59015.114379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58925.842235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58955.713505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   154                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61015.114379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60925.842235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60955.713505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59015.114379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58925.842235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58955.713505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3927.877117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.435065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.674875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1718.549582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2206.652661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.033671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.059935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109482                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    818396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    818396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21598.120975                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21598.120975                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21598.120975                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21598.120975                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    742612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    742612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19598.120975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19598.120975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19598.120975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19598.120975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    818396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    818396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21598.120975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21598.120975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    742612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    742612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19598.120975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19598.120975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.903745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.903745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  473152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7701000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           39034750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          311552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              468224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19854807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39482517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59337324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19854807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19854807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          624518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                624518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          624518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19854807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39482517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59961842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2448.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16719                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      65093750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                202137500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8905.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27655.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5002                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.533276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.380935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    209.859566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           844     36.47%     36.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          848     36.65%     73.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          324     14.00%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           95      4.11%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      1.94%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      1.69%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      1.99%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.65%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           58      2.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  467776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   468224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7889910000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1067213.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       311104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19854807.160413566977                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39425742.486425794661                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 437973.687362063909                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2448                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4868                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67733000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134404500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27668.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27609.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6840120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3631815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21484260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      622630320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1376574510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1870879200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3902301225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.532771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4850388250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    263380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2777116750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9688980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5149815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30702000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      622630320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1790198430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1522564320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3980954745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.500413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3940493000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    263380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3687012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    536119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    536119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37321.197355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37321.197355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37321.197355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37321.197355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35321.336582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35321.336582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35321.336582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35321.336582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29946.041299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29946.041299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27946.248833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27946.248833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247529000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247529000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52353.849408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52353.849408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238073000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238073000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50353.849408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50353.849408                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.123947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.123947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    880379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    880379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18505.048965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47554.631972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25485.728346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18505.048965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47554.631972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25485.728346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    811293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    811293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16505.048965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45554.872907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23485.786244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16505.048965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45554.872907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23485.786244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    880379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18505.048965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47554.631972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25485.728346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    811293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16505.048965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45554.872907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23485.786244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.959829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.968548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.095421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.895860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.306827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7890885000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11376852000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131222                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   266740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              497617486                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011377                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11376852000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11376841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11376841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29637                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    791134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    791134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60989.829129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59737.376560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59970.739842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60989.829129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59737.376560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59970.739842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58989.829129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57737.376560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57970.739842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58989.829129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57737.376560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57970.739842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   333                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60989.829129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59737.376560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59970.739842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58989.829129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57737.376560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57970.739842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5926.391677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.975976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.000131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1893.538731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4028.852815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.090430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196411                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    819870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    819870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21608.507722                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21608.507722                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21608.507722                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21608.507722                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    743986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    743986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19608.507722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19608.507722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19608.507722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19608.507722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21608.507722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21608.507722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19608.507722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19608.507722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.546056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.546056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  849216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13577000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           70009500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              844288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13827375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60383663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74211038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13827375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13827375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          433160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                433160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          433160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13827375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60383663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74644199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10727.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29367                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13192                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     104598000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                351816750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7933.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26683.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13192                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     288.883737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.873951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.420813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           891     30.38%     30.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          915     31.20%     61.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          456     15.55%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      4.09%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      2.05%     83.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      2.28%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      3.65%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      3.55%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      7.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  843840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   844288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11375074000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      857266.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13827375.094621956348                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60344285.044755794108                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 303774.717294379836                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2458                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10734                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67948000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    283868750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27643.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26445.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9353400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4971450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43061340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      897989040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2318015010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2416698720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5690349960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.169112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6260971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    379860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4736020750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11588220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6159285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51079560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      897989040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2427746280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2324293440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5718876705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.676549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6018761750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    379860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4978230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44528.151748                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44528.151748                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44528.151748                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44528.151748                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42528.237774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42528.237774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42528.237774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42528.237774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41996.422182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41996.422182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39996.533989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39996.533989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284003000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284003000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52975.750793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52975.750793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50975.750793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50975.750793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.005195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.005195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1321527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1321527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18514.871444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50473.696940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30855.171609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18514.871444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50473.696940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30855.171609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    801660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    801660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16514.871444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48473.817874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28855.218305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16514.871444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48473.817874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28855.218305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1321527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18514.871444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50473.696940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30855.171609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    801660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16514.871444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48473.817874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28855.218305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.504182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.954071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   109.436866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   317.113245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.619362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11376852000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14648081000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135024                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   269744                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              494319383                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014648                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14648081000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14648070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14648070                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12293                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36127                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14351                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    858361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    858361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59569.409389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59811.929482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59569.409389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59811.929482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57569.409389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57811.929482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57569.409389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57811.929482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   449                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    858361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59569.409389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59811.929482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57569.409389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57811.929482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7626.067057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.507795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.670066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1950.016301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5671.380689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.086538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.116365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.212326                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            72406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           72406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.870753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.870753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       923392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       923392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  923392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76181750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          760704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              918464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10770011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51931990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62702002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10770011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10770011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          336426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                336426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          336426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10770011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51931990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63038428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11879.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32525                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111469500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    71720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                380419500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7771.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26521.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11059                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     279.827513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.513096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    285.650041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           930     28.24%     28.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1008     30.61%     58.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          684     20.77%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      3.64%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.82%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      2.03%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      3.25%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      3.16%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      6.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  918016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   918464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14640034000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1014696.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       760256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10770011.443819841370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51901406.061312742531                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 235935.341974146635                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11886                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68120500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    312299000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27635.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26274.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9639000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5123250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44139480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1156137840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2481257880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3535382880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7231941330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.712544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9167864750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    489060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4991156250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13873020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7373685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58276680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1156137840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3382336110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2776580160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7394598375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.816868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7186293750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    489060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6972727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1263807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1263807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1263807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1263807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39312.150056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39312.150056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39312.150056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39312.150056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1199513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37312.212268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37312.212268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37312.212268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37312.212268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    887383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    887383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35164.771151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35164.771151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33164.850406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33164.850406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    376424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54451.612903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54451.612903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52451.612903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52451.612903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.450677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.450677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1485873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1485873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41298.469810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29435.468215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41298.469810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29435.468215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39298.552523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27435.507835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39298.552523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27435.507835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998597000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1485873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41298.469810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29435.468215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    950239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39298.552523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27435.507835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.284872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.934083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    85.116311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.234479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.166243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.684052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14648081000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17894908000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 139388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   276012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              498837034                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017895                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17894908000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17894897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17894897                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16241                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40075                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14863                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    891681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    891681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.902726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59993.339164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.902726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59993.339164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.902726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57993.339164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.902726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57993.339164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   469                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    891681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.902726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59993.339164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.902726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57993.339164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8812.508677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.616205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.092806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1974.223103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6833.192769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.104266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.134468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.219833                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            78250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           78250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.075642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.075642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78938500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          793472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              951232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8815916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44340658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53156574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8815916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8815916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          275386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                275386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          275386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8815916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44340658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53431960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12391.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34383                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118096750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                396646750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7949.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26699.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11285                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     266.678591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.644510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    277.942257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1035     28.93%     28.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1188     33.20%     62.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          684     19.12%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      3.35%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.68%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      1.87%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      2.99%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      2.91%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      5.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  950784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   951232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17893067000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1197661.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       793024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8815915.678359452635                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44315623.192921690643                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 193127.564556353114                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12398                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68120500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    328526250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27635.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26498.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11581080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6151695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47630940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1412442720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3165284670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4206142080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8849494185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.525827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10905073000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    597480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6392355000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13972980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7426815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58440900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1412442720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3459253620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3958589280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8910147195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.915228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10258509750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    597480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7038918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1402100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1402100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36873.109796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36873.109796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36873.109796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36873.109796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34873.162393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34873.162393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34873.162393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34873.162393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    978289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    978289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32347.617631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32347.617631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30347.683762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30347.683762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423811000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423811000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54460.421485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54460.421485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52460.421485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52460.421485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.731784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.731784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1576149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1576149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38019.308659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28689.073336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38019.308659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28689.073336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1031595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1031595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36019.378492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26689.109740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36019.378492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26689.109740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1576149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38019.308659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28689.073336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1031595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1466273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36019.378492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26689.109740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.777501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.007350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.672927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   369.097224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.720893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17894908000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21166593000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 147122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   289606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519006801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021167                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21166593000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21166582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21166582                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44218                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15380                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    924906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    924906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.764615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60136.931079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.764615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60136.931079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    894146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    894146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57975.764615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58136.931079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57975.764615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58136.931079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   494                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    924906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60981.338742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.764615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60136.931079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.387849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58981.338742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57975.764615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58136.931079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9717.890696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.471660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.387598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1988.552073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7723.951026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.117858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.227341                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            84226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           84226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21618.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19618.356215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.218518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.218518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       989248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       989248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  989248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          826560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              984320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7453254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39050215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46503469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7453254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7453254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          232820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                232820                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          232820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7453254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39050215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46736289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12908.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36257                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15380                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124383000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                412626750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8091.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26841.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15380                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     259.192439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.160729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    271.117744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1047     27.49%     27.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1407     36.94%     64.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          684     17.96%     82.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      3.15%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.58%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      1.76%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      2.81%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      2.73%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      5.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  983872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   984320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21165906000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1369341.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       826112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7453254.286129090004                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39029049.219210669398                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 163276.158803639293                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2465                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68120500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    344506250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27635.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26674.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13230420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7028340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51322320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1670591520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3842375130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4892287680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10477096410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.982655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12682888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    706680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7777024750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13972980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7426815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58440900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1670591520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3506415420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5175201120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10432069635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.855399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13420994750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    706680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7038918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1566543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1566543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1566543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34354.766552                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34354.766552                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34354.766552                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34354.766552                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1475347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32354.810413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32354.810413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32354.810413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32354.810413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1096990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1096990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29606.768865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29606.768865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1022888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27606.822844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27606.822844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469553000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54937.755938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54937.755938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52937.755938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52937.755938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.927810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.927810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1668920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1668920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35484.804805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28002.483263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35484.804805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28002.483263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33484.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26002.516821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33484.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26002.516821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1668920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18528.309061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35484.804805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28002.483263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1115046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1549724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16528.309061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33484.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26002.516821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.121029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.129625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.903699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.087706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.748218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21166593000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24485221000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 148092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   290256                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              518007889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024485                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24485221000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24485221                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24485221                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30457                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54291                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    929507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    929507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60972.896440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60040.243620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60189.535712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60972.896440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60040.243620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60189.535712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               77                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    898621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    898621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58972.896440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58040.243620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58189.535712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58972.896440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58040.243620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58189.535712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   504                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    150725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    929507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60972.896440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60040.243620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60189.535712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    145781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58972.896440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58040.243620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58189.535712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10426.801841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.280538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.606136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1996.545159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8424.650545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.128550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.159100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.228149                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    820923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    820923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21628.280114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21628.280114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21628.280114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21628.280114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    745011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    745011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    745011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    745011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19628.280114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19628.280114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19628.280114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19628.280114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    820923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21628.280114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21628.280114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    745011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    745011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19628.280114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19628.280114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.324437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.324437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       993280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       993280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  993280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82045250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          158208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          830144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              988352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       158208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         158208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  77                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6461367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33903880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40365247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6461367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6461367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          201264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                201264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          201264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6461367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33903880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40566512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2472.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12964.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007367876500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37235                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15443                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          77                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        77                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     125701000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                415126000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8143.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26893.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11604                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       46                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 59.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15443                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    77                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     258.166667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.671213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.303408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1054     27.45%     27.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1430     37.24%     64.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          685     17.84%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      3.12%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.56%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      1.74%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      2.79%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      2.71%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      5.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1561.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     452.773001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1867.380072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  987904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   988352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21869752000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1409133.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       158208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       829696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6461367.042592753656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33885583.470943555236                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 141146.367435278604                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2472                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           77                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68293000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    346833000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  69270855000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27626.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26739.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 899621493.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13423200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7134600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51722160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1932428160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3963363900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6064755360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12033088380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.442915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15729935500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    817440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7937845500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13994400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7438200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58490880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1932428160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3557116350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6406858560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11976347430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.125560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16622551000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    817440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7045230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1776448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1776448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31378.799922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31378.799922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31378.799922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31378.799922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1663222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1663222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1663222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1663222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29378.799922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29378.799922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29378.799922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29378.799922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1298304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1298304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27166.854991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27166.854991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1202724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1202724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25166.854991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25166.854991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54192.904908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54192.904908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460498000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460498000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52192.904908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52192.904908                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.073131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.073131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1805163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1805163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18541.739527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30335.359676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25886.411220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18541.739527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30335.359676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25886.411220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16541.739527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28335.359676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23886.411220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16541.739527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28335.359676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23886.411220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1317404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1805163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18541.739527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30335.359676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25886.411220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16541.739527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28335.359676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23886.411220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.375697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.691788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.982516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   389.701394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.761136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24485221000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
