
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4332056000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34199992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185604                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              414791431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000151                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4332056000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211678                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1368029                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4332045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4332045                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243862                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185235                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17398                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17398                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14808                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919986                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3784298                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557609                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367921                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156345                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7169      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527624     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10913      0.56%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11214      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1078      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2478      0.13%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9984      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209142     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156193      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2434      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938535                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    47                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5764                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          458                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    284818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    284818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61537.366548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64244.929397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63903.522549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61537.366548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64244.929397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63903.522549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           30                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               30                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59537.366548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62244.929397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61903.522549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59537.366548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62244.929397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61903.522549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   335                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61537.366548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64244.929397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63903.522549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33460000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.894785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59537.366548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62244.929397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61903.522549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2405.560014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.480597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.001644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   396.460919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2008.097450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.245129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.293647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.506714                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29126                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29126                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    497248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    497248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1368029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1368029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1368029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1368029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17072.306530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17072.306530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17072.306530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17072.306530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15072.375197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15072.375197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15072.375197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15072.375197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28908                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1368029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1368029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17072.306530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17072.306530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15072.375197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15072.375197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.413095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  663098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.938218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.413095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1397154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1397154                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           30                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       287168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       287168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  287168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24141500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           35968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              285248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  30                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8302755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57543116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65845871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8302755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8302755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          443208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                443208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          443208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8302755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57543116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66289078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       562.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10052                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4457                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          30                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52369250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                135900500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11755.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30505.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  39.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4457                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    30                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     105.404806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.148395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     88.887082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1644     60.78%     60.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          886     32.75%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          133      4.92%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      0.63%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      0.22%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.26%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.04%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.11%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  285120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   285248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4325066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      963910.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        35968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       249152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8302755.089038553648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57513568.614994823933                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          562                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3895                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           30                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15836000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120064500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28177.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30825.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10017420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5324385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17185980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1132441230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         709874880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2216583735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.670148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1833001500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2354494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9296280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4941090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14622720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1075962780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         757435680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2203998390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.764981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1957273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2230222500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361369                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361369                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6549                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6549                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54696.594900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54696.594900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54696.594900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54696.594900                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52696.594900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52696.594900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52696.594900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52696.594900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6293                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36814.317673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36814.317673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34814.317673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34814.317673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61412.308339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61412.308339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59412.308339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59412.308339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.388707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  355815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.541395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.388707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374467                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24995                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    414731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    414731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.391655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68695.841948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38832.490637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.391655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68695.841948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38832.490637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.707760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.841948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36832.677903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.707760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.841948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36832.677903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13215                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.391655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68695.841948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38832.490637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.707760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.841948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36832.677903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.484956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.921377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.880642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.833060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.771254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.378673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.967744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54505                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       745728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1864000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2609728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4332056000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6422205000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98900                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34201308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              427191480                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1486788                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2881390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006422                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6422205000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1486788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2881390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      314811                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      232300                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2033934                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            71                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6422205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               6422204.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1848977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              882543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       275302                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                39174                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               21882                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2854096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2854096                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5625990                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2315683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      314659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        546959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     232300                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10629      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2270701     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16274      0.56%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16723      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1604      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      150      0.01%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3644      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14824      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   311067     10.80%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  232148      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3592      0.12%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2881522                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    55                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          681                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9177                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6353                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    407617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    407617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        15530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        15530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62058.641975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64400.175285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64161.341099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62058.641975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64400.175285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64161.341099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              196                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    394911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60058.641975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62400.175285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62161.341099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60058.641975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62400.175285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62161.341099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   662                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40214000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    407617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        15530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62058.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64400.175285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64161.341099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    394911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60058.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62400.175285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62161.341099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3241.737269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              21637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.381310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.226369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   352.661045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2887.849856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.352521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.395720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.700317                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            28036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           28036                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1990699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1990699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1990699                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1990699                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43235                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43235                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    726425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    726425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    726425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    726425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2033934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2033934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2033934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2033934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16801.780964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16801.780964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16801.780964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16801.780964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    639955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    639955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14801.780964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.780964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14801.780964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.780964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      43012                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1990699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1990699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    726425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    726425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2033934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2033934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16801.780964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16801.780964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    639955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    639955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14801.780964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.780964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.931327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2033934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 43235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.043691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.931327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.843482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.843482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2077169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2077169                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34452750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          365120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              406592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 196                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6457595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56852748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63310343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6457595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6457595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1953223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1953223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1953223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6457595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56852748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65263566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       191.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010219576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14524                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 157                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6353                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         196                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       196                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      76420250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                195370250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12046.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30796.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  36.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6353                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   196                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     102.570793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.294748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     84.440091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2552     63.06%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1245     30.76%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          196      4.84%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           21      0.52%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      0.20%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.22%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.07%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.07%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      633.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      98.185161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1708.981646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              9     90.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.700000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.676259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.948683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     10.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     30.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  406016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    10688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   406592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6422174000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      980634.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       364544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        10688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6457595.171751758084                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56763058.793669775128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1664225.916176764760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          648                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5705                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          196                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18594000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    176776250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 121054702750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28694.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30986.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 617626034.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     37.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14444220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7658310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23040780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              704700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      506463360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1621488690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1100662560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3274462620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.865789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2843405500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    214240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3364559500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14515620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7700055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22255380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              167040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      506463360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1598713770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1119841440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3269656665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.117455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2893591000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    214240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3314374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           537304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               537304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          537304                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              537304                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9675                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9675                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    526836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    526836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    526836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    526836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       546979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           546979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       546979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          546979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54453.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54453.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54453.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54453.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52453.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52453.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52453.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52453.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9419                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          312169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              312169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          314810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36090.496024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36090.496024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34090.496024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34090.496024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         225135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             225135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    431521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       232169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         232169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61347.881717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61347.881717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    417453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030297                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030297                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59347.881717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59347.881717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.191309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  546979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.535297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.191309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.977310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.977310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                556654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               556654                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           34091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          34091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             15530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            15530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    596801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    596801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.293517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.293517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17256.124234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68745.850298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38428.911784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17256.124234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68745.850298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38428.911784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6107                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6107                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15256.124234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66745.850298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36428.911784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15256.124234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66745.850298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36428.911784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     19650                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          34091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            15530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    596801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.293517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17256.124234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68745.850298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38428.911784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.211495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15256.124234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66745.850298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36428.911784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.859886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.005406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   208.863231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.076783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   242.919872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.407936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.095853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.474453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.978242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                80757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               80757                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        86470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1111040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2767040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3878080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           216175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            48375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6422205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
