
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6789483000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 207640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1341700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   374660                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1409665995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006789                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6789483000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6789472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6789472                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.855940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.855940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            80136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          226834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2036864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          669440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2706304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2036864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2036864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       484480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           484480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            31826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                42286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          300002813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           98599555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              398602368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     300002813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         300002813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        71357421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              71357421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        71357421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         300002813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          98599555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             469959789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6505.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     31826.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9596.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000569726750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           387                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           387                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                91852                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6099                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        42286                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7570                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      42286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7570                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1065                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     442501000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   207110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1219163500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10682.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29432.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     26589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  42286                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7570                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    41416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     187.940870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.025102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.850528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7098     43.54%     43.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4863     29.83%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1911     11.72%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1256      7.70%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          532      3.26%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          264      1.62%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          128      0.79%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.45%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.731266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.831469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.941802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              45     11.63%     11.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             78     20.16%     31.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             87     22.48%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            66     17.05%     71.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           41     10.59%     81.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           26      6.72%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           12      3.10%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           15      3.88%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      2.07%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.52%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.52%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.26%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.26%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.26%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.739018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.711657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.969270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               240     62.02%     62.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                13      3.36%     65.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               129     33.33%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2651008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    55296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   414592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2706304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                484480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        390.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     398.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      71.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6788050000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      136153.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2036864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       614144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       414592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 300002813.174434661865                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 90455193.716517150402                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61063854.199207805097                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7570                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    901908000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    317255500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 162134095750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28338.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30330.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21417978.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              60054540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31904565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            140979300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18463140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2907293550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         158914560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3852961095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         567.489615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    387599250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6175423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56427420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29965320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            154773780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15352020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2919404340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         148716000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3859990320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.524926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    361269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6201753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    867996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    867996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    887801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    887801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52862.119367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52862.119367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53155.370614                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53155.370614                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50862.119367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50862.119367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51155.370614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51155.370614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    553383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50143.439652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50143.439652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48143.439652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48143.439652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58434.806835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58434.806835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56434.806835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56434.806835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.463164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.463164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.079548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.346557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.044195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   179.688796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.453211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.350955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14278701000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 171874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1372896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   314335                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1227036790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14278701000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14278690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14278690                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.029511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.029511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               92381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              92381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           171821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          495673250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1493696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5912384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4418688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4418688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1016832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1016832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            69042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                92381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          309460083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          104610076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              414070159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     309460083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         309460083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        71213201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              71213201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        71213201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         309460083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         104610076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             485283360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     13670.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     69042.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000569726750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           815                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           815                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               199320                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               12852                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        92381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15888                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      92381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              11062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     971076250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   450990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2662288750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10766.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29516.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     57634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  92381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    90191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.025706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.239046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.110595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15626     43.29%     43.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11323     31.37%     74.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4144     11.48%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2487      6.89%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      3.12%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          581      1.61%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          298      0.83%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.48%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          338      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      110.657669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.429364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      66.494162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              47      5.77%      5.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            132     16.20%     21.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            201     24.66%     46.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           187     22.94%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          108     13.25%     82.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           65      7.98%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           28      3.44%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           21      2.58%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.84%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.37%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.37%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.748466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.720977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               500     61.35%     61.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      3.93%     65.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               271     33.25%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5772672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   139712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   873600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5912384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1016832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        404.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     414.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      71.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14278581000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      131880.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4418688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1353984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       873600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 309460083.238664388657                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 94825432.649650692940                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61182036.096981093287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15888                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1950560250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    711728500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 344078501000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28251.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30495.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21656501.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             137530680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              73084110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            303964080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            46170900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1126635120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6116092020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         332628000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8136104910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         569.807079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    811337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    476580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12990783500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             120294720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              63915390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            340049640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25082100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1126635120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6114032040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         334362720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8124371730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.985353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    816648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    476580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12985472750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1963762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1963762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1991486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1991486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52578.703580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52578.703580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52587.430684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52587.430684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1889064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1889064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50578.703580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50578.703580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50587.483496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50587.483496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52124.460379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52124.460379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1370102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50124.460379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50124.460379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538992000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    538992000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53818.472292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53818.472292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51818.472292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51818.472292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27724000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     27724000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53213.051823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53213.051823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     26684000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26684000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51216.890595                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51216.890595                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.269239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.269239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.135836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.463726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   290.757127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.914983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.567885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21639366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 169480                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   312439                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1222328823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21639366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21639355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21639355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.699776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.699776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              140252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             140252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           255437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6802880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2173248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8976128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6802880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6802880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           106295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               140252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          314375199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          100430299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              414805498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     314375199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         314375199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        68133604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              68133604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        68133604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         314375199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         100430299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             482939103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    106295.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30539.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               301341                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       140252                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     140252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               8996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1453876500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   684170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4019514000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10625.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29375.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     88132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 140252                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   136817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        53934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.589795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.342262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.570861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23073     42.78%     42.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16972     31.47%     74.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6287     11.66%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3739      6.93%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1700      3.15%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          991      1.84%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          423      0.78%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          253      0.47%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          496      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         53934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8757376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   218752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8976128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        404.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         57.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     414.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      68.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21637716000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      132511.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6802880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1954496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 314375199.347337603569                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 90321315.328739300370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 57867869.141822360456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2995419250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1024094750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28180.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30158.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             196449960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             104415630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            438046140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1708084560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9188286000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         572012640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12270832770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         567.060642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1405540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    722540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19511286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188638800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100263900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            538948620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1708084560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9323969370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         457752960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12356254890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         571.008175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1110842250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    722540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19805983750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2846864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2846864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2895787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2895787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51733.885769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51733.885769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2736808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2783959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2783959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49733.922114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49733.922114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2076325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2076325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51422.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51422.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1995571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1995571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49422.234880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49422.234880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    770539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52592.928810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52592.928810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50592.928810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50592.928810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48923000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48923000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.517808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.517808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.769934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.357579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.000070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.412286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.589844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.266430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26111465000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 171214                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   320249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1117532431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7482681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26111465000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7482681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      933643                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           649                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611075                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           259                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5411384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26111454                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26111454                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4636046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2621071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700113                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  97113                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         97113                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               134527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               53605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108759                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7404090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7404090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14590927                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5971670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      932391                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1543460                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     611069                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30545      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5828523     77.89%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5249      0.07%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29895      0.40%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2598      0.03%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10906      0.15%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8118      0.11%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23413      0.31%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   924081     12.35%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  573083      7.66%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8310      0.11%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              37986      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7482790                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5754                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33002                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1633                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     97832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     97832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61551.959114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58987.571702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.369259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61551.959114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58987.571702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.369259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59551.959114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.571702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.369259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59551.959114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.571702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.369259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61551.959114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58987.571702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.369259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59551.959114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.571702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.369259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4834                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4834                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4834                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4834                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          234.759869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21639430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.118539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    89.178404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   114.462926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.014114                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            41319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           41319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5232627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5232627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5232627                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5232627                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         178757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             178757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        178757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            178757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9163080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9163080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9163080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9163080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5411384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5411384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51259.978630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51259.978630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51259.978630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51259.978630                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        178757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8805566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8805566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8805566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8805566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49259.978630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49259.978630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49259.978630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49259.978630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     178501                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5232627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5232627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        178757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            178757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9163080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9163080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5411384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51259.978630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51259.978630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       178757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8805566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8805566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49259.978630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49259.978630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.922465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5320626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                178501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.807262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.922465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5590141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5590141                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              141885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             141885                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         3266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         3266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 306807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       104512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10555008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           257070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            8714250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6840448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2240192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9080640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6840448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6840448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           106882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               141885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          261971054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           85793424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              347764478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     261971054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         261971054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56464392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56464392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56464392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         261971054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          85793424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             404228870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    106882.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               305730                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       141885                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     141885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1466995750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   692275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4063027000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10595.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29345.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     89230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 141885                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   138437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.712470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.224465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.487993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23356     42.89%     42.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17103     31.41%     74.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6322     11.61%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3755      6.90%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1710      3.14%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          999      1.83%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          428      0.79%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          258      0.47%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          526      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8861120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   219520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9080640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        339.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         47.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     347.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26038658000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      157884.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6840448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2020672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 261971053.711463510990                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 77386389.465317249298                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 47956864.925043463707                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       106882                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35003                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3011965750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1051061250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28180.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30027.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             198456300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             105482025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            443615340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2060887920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9569768190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1968050400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14409798015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.857125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5030875250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    871780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20208809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             190366680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             101182290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            544953360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2060887920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9591081630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1950102240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14477170800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.437325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4987841000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    871780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20251844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1472974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1472974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68390                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68390                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3114302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3114302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3170144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3170144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1540291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1540291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1544609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1544609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.043704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46263.232170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46263.232170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46353.911391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46353.911391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34035                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34035                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2979670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3033366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44263.261880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44263.261880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44353.940635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44353.940635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68133                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          879362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              879362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         49962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             49962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2266875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2266875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       929324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          929324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.053762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45371.982707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45371.982707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2166953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2166953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43372.022737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43372.022737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         593612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             593612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    847427000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    847427000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       610967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         610967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48828.983002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48828.983002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46828.983002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46828.983002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3245                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3245                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1073                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55842000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     55842000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.248495                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.248495                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52042.870457                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52042.870457                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53696000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53696000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.248495                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248495                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50042.870457                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50042.870457                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.600393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1507500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.125842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.600393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1612998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1612998                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           44627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               72259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          44627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              72259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        134130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         40758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7681896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2509931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10191827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7681896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2509931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10191827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.707627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.707627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57272.019682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61581.309191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58276.308266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57272.019682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61581.309191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58276.308266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          27871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                27871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7413636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9842053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7413636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9842053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55272.019682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59581.358261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56276.319702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55272.019682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59581.358261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56276.319702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    196810                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          44627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              72259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7681896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2509931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10191827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.707627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57272.019682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61581.309191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58276.308266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7413636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9842053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55272.019682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59581.358261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56276.319702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.980607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 276494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               196810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.404878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.956003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   298.830122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.194482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.583653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.275770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478504                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34035                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       170814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       357514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  528328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11440448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17995584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           893785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            417322000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26111465000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30499946000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 172502                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   325102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1052245458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9423237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030500                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30499946000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1136381                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9423237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1171015                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           667                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      747225                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           265                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6772517                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6212                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30499935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30499935                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5901287                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3269088                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       890164                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 128492                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        128492                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               186612                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80856                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      134997                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9314921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9314921                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18299215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7508311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1168812                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1916031                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     747219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 37116      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7364307     78.15%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6344      0.07%     78.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     31960      0.34%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3837      0.04%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    17074      0.18%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12378      0.13%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   34218      0.36%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1156958     12.28%     91.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  707237      7.51%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11854      0.13%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              39982      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9423348                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        54524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           66020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        54524                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          66020                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2359                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    142454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    142454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        68379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        68379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60944.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.405527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60387.452310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60944.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.405527                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60387.452310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58944.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.405527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58387.452310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58944.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.405527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58387.452310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        54524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          66020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        68379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60944.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.405527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60387.452310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58944.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.405527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58387.452310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          552.110496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21639430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.132692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.926528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   276.051275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.019669                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            79888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           79888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6553940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6553940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6553940                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6553940                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         218577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             218577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        218577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            218577                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9897610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9897610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9897610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9897610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6772517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6772517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45282.028759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45282.028759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45282.028759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45282.028759                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        218577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       218577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9460458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9460458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9460458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9460458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43282.037909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43282.037909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43282.037909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43282.037909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     218320                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6553940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6553940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        218577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            218577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9897610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9897610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6772517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45282.028759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45282.028759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9460458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9460458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43282.037909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43282.037909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.077506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6659114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                218320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.501621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.077506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6991093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6991093                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              142611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             142611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         4718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         4718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 308259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       150976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       150976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10601472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           257796000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           12605500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6868160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2258944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9127104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6868160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6868160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           107315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               142611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          225185972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74063869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              299249841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     225185972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         225185972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48340020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48340020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48340020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         225185972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74063869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             347589861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    107315.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31865.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               308308                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       142611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     142611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1473814750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   695900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4083439750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10589.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29339.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     89679                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 142611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   139162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.623737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.136411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.579807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23496     42.93%     42.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17187     31.40%     74.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6347     11.60%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3763      6.88%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1716      3.14%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1003      1.83%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          428      0.78%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          259      0.47%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          534      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8907520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   219584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9127104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        292.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         41.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     299.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29789437000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      179835.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6868160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2039360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 225185972.460410267115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 66864380.677919887006                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 41056597.280532889068                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       107315                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35296                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3023558000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1059881750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28174.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30028.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             199527300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106051275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            446021520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2407544880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9763413150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3490157760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16476253725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         540.205997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8986056500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1018420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20495469500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             191266320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             101660460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            547723680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2407544880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9740953440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3509071200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16536816660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.191670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9039367500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1018420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20442158500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1834502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1834502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1838561                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1838561                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          78307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              78307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         79568                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             79568                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3317857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3317857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3380373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3380373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1912809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1912809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1918129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1918129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42369.864763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42369.864763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42484.076513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42484.076513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39203                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39203                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         78307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3161243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3161243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3221237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40369.864763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40369.864763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40484.076513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40484.076513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      79312                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1106892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1106892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         58802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             58802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2428620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2428620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1165694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1165694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.050444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41301.656406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41301.656406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2311016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2311016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39301.656406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39301.656406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         727610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             727610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    889237000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    889237000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       747115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         747115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45590.207639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45590.207639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    850227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43590.207639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43590.207639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4059                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4059                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1261                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1261                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62516000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     62516000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5320                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          5320                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237030                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.237030                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49576.526566                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49576.526566                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1261                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1261                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59994000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59994000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237030                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237030                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47576.526566                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47576.526566                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.657891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1847609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 79312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.295453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.657891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1997697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1997697                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           56737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          56737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        161840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         46792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            208632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       161840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        46792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           208632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8067279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2606390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10673669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8067279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2606390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10673669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          298145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         298145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49847.250371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55701.615661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51160.267840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49847.250371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55701.615661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51160.267840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       208632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       208632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7743601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2512806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10256407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7743601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2512806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10256407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47847.262729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53701.615661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49160.277426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47847.262729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53701.615661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49160.277426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    233927                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          56737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       161840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        46792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           208632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8067279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2606390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10673669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       218577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         298145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49847.250371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55701.615661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51160.267840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       208632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7743601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2512806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10256407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47847.262729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53701.615661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49160.277426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.127282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 331177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               233927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.415728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.999922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.051684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.075677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.589945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               571787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              571787                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               298145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              298144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       437153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  635492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13988864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 21590208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1092880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            494160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           397840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30499946000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                34888182000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 168760                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   319694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              981276421                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11366326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.034888                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34888182000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1377795                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11366326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1408726                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           692                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      885186                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           280                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8134676                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6359                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         34888171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   34888171                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7167312                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3917522                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1080292                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 161922                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        161922                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               240748                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              108107                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      161248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11227943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11227943                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22013257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9045470                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1405569                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2290749                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     885180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 43994      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8900216     78.30%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7436      0.07%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33987      0.30%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5076      0.04%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    23242      0.20%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16638      0.15%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   45023      0.40%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1390171     12.23%     92.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  841151      7.40%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               15398      0.14%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              44029      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11366444                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    93                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        82121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           99844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        82121                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17723                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          99844                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2805                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    168046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    168046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        83144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        83144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59314.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.447415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59314.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.447415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57314.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.447415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57314.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.447415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        82121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          99844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        83144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59314.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59909.447415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.091361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57314.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57909.447415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13349                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13349                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13349                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13349                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          841.228210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21639430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.366584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   318.965229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   443.896397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.003387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.023071                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           119022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          119022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7876487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7876487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7876487                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7876487                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         258189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             258189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        258189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            258189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10603572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10603572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10603572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10603572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8134676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8134676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8134676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8134676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41069.030826                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41069.030826                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41069.030826                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41069.030826                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        258189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10087196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10087196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10087196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10087196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39069.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39069.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39069.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39069.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     257932                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7876487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7876487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        258189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            258189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10603572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10603572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8134676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8134676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41069.030826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41069.030826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       258189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10087196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10087196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39069.038573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39069.038573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.193537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8008470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                257932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.048765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.193537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8392864                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8392864                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              143057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             143057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 309151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       179520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       179520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10630016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           258242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           14963250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6868352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2287296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9155648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6868352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6868352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           107318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               143057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          196867581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           65560768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              262428349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     196867581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         196867581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        42259812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              42259812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        42259812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         196867581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          65560768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             304688161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    107318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32308.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               310326                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       143057                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     143057                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1476198500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   698130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4094186000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10572.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29322.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     90056                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 143057                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   139608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.910879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.217824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    180.239736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23523     42.92%     42.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17199     31.38%     74.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6349     11.59%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3765      6.87%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1718      3.13%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1007      1.84%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          429      0.78%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          260      0.47%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          552      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8936064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   219584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9155648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        256.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         35.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     262.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      42.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    34838647000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      209752.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6868352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2067712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 196867581.119589447975                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59266831.387201547623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 35892497.923795513809                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       107318                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35739                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3023641750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1070544250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28174.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29954.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             199541580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106058865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            446035800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2753587200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9831199260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5118157440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18518117985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         530.784837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13217869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1164800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20505512750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             191744700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             101914725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            550893840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2753587200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9893921490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5065338720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         18595997355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.017093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13083648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1164800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20639734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2197173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2197173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2202046                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2202046                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          90299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              90299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         91748                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             91748                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3545376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3545376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3614665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3614665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2287472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2287472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2293794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2293794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39262.627493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39262.627493                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39397.752540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39397.752540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           44815                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 44815                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         90299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3364778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3364778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3431169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37262.627493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37262.627493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37397.752540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37397.752540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      91492                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1334099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1334099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         68304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             68304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2591071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2591071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1402403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1402403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37934.396229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37934.396229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2454463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2454463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35934.396229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35934.396229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         863074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             863074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        21995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            21995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    954305000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    954305000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       885069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         885069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43387.360764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43387.360764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910315000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41387.360764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41387.360764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4873                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4873                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69289000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69289000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6322                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6322                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.229200                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.229200                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47818.495514                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47818.495514                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1449                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1449                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66391000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66391000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.229200                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229200                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45818.495514                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45818.495514                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.700921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2263652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 91492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.741529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.700921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2385542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2385542                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           68749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           38286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              107035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          68749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          38286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             107035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        189440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         53462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            242902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       189440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        53462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           242902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8426257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2717622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11143879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8426257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2717622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11143879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        91748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          349937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        91748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         349937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.694131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.694131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44479.819468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50832.778422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45878.086636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44479.819468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50832.778422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45878.086636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       189440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       189440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8047379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2610698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10658077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8047379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2610698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10658077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42479.830025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48832.778422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43878.094870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42479.830025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48832.778422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43878.094870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    271854                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          68749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          38286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             107035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       189440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        53462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           242902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8426257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2717622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11143879000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       258189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        91748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         349937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.694131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44479.819468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50832.778422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45878.086636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       189440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8047379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2610698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10658077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.582705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42479.830025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48832.778422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43878.094870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44815                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44815                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44815                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44815                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.237053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 390387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               271854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.436017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.415053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.576787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   139.245213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.135576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.590970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.271963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               667118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              667118                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               349937                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              349936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         44815                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       516377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  744688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8740032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     16524032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25264064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1290940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            574012000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           458740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34888182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39258099000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 174984                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   332803                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              981360189                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13313374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039258                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39258099000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1619459                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13313374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1647852                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           719                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021755                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9496273                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6505                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39258099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39258099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8432476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4562976                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1270016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 193821                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        193821                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               293708                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135812                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      187842                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13144108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13144108                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25735375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10587320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1643724                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665473                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51318      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10439195     78.41%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8543      0.06%     78.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     36056      0.27%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6334      0.05%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    29520      0.22%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    20974      0.16%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   55999      0.42%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1624723     12.20%     92.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  975696      7.33%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19001      0.14%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              46053      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13313495                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       110003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          133541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       110003                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23538                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         133541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2999                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    179645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    179645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       111026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       136540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       111026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       136540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.336032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.633878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.336032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.633878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57361.336032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.633878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57361.336032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.633878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       110003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         133541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    179645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       111026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       136540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60945.259042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.336032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.633878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58945.259042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57361.336032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.633878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1090.520321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             153968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            47.845867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      21639430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.020841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   397.333097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   599.166384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.004571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.008320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.024551                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           157186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          157186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9198082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9198082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9198082                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9198082                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         298191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             298191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        298191                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            298191                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11316266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11316266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11316266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11316266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9496273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9496273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9496273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9496273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37949.723499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37949.723499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37949.723499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37949.723499                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        298191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       298191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10719884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10719884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10719884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10719884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35949.723499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35949.723499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35949.723499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35949.723499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     297935                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9198082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9198082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        298191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            298191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11316266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11316266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9496273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9496273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37949.723499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37949.723499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       298191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10719884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10719884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35949.723499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35949.723499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.283307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9496273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                298191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.846276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.283307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9794464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9794464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              143251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             143251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 309539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       191936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       191936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           258436000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15991250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6868352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2299712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9168064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6868352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6868352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           107318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               143251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          174953759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58579301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              233533060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     174953759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         174953759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        37555767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              37555767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        37555767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         174953759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58579301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             271088827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    107318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32502.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               311836                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       143251                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     143251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               8065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1477700000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   699100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4099325000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10568.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29318.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     90209                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 143251                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   139802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.998286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.238788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    180.462036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23539     42.92%     42.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17212     31.38%     74.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6350     11.58%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3766      6.87%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1719      3.13%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1008      1.84%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          430      0.78%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          262      0.48%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          557      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8948480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   219584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9168064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        227.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         31.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     233.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      37.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39175301000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      235587.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6868352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2080128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 174953759.223033189774                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52985958.387847565114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31897214.381165020168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       107318                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35933                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3023641750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1075683250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28174.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29935.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             199634400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106108200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            446685540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3098400240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9916307100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6724536000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20555209320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         523.591561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17393264500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1310660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20554174500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             191944620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             102020985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            551629260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3098400240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10001364210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6652908960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         20636864955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.671530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17209862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1310660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20737576750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2560507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2560507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2566169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2566169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         101730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             101730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103317                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103317                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3752259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3752259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3823870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3823870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2662237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2662237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2669486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2669486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36884.488352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36884.488352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37011.043681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37011.043681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50368                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50368                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       101730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        101730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3548799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3548799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3617236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3617236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34884.488352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34884.488352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35011.043681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35011.043681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     103061                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1563315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1563315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         77287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             77287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2744296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2744296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1640602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1640602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35507.860313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35507.860313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2589722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2589722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33507.860313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33507.860313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        24443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            24443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1007963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1007963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41237.286749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41237.286749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    959077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    959077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39237.286749                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39237.286749                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5662                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5662                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1587                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1587                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71611000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     71611000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7249                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7249                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218927                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.218927                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45123.503466                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45123.503466                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1587                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1587                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68437000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68437000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.218927                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218927                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43123.503466                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43123.503466                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.734212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2669486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.837820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.734212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2772803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2772803                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           80870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           43846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              124716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          80870                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          43846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             124716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        217321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         59471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            276792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       217321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        59471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           276792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8788723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2806950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11595673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8788723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2806950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11595673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          401508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         401508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.689381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.689381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40441.204486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47198.634629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41893.093008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40441.204486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47198.634629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41893.093008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       217321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       276792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       217321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       276792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8354081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11042089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8354081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11042089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38441.204486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45198.634629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39893.093008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38441.204486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45198.634629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39893.093008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    309009                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          80870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          43846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             124716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       217321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        59471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           276792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8788723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2806950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11595673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       298191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         401508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.689381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40441.204486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47198.634629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41893.093008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       217321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       276792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8354081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2688008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11042089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.728798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38441.204486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45198.634629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39893.093008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.321978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 451876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               309521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.459920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.279497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.904832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   139.137649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.135312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.591611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.271753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               761397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              761397                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               401508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              401508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50368                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       257002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       596382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  853384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9835840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19084224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 28920064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1490955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            653348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           516585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39258099000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
