
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3977013000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113628                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451832707                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003977                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3977013000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3977002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3977002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7245                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9786                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4037                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    245013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    245013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        13823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60154.252763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61263.803681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60691.850384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60154.252763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61263.803681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60691.850384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          286                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              286                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58154.252763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59263.803681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58691.850384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58154.252763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59263.803681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58691.850384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1350                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    119832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        13823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60154.252763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61263.803681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60691.850384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121019000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.434957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58154.252763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59263.803681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58691.850384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2232.732217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.612593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.255799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1173.354117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1032.122301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.143232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.125991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.272550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.350342                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    366941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    366941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26425.248452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.248452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26425.248452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.248452                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24425.248452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24425.248452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24425.248452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24425.248452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    366941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26425.248452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26425.248452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24425.248452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24425.248452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.649915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.649915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  276672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21579250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          133184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              258368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       133184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         133184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        18304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           33488450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31476890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               64965340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      33488450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          33488450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4602449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4602449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4602449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          33488450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31476890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              69567789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2081.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1899.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003066432500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9257                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 174                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4037                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         286                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4037                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       286                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     81                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36339500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                110964500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9130.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27880.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      151                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4037                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   286                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.612748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.231593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.928318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           597     40.92%     40.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          465     31.87%     72.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          251     17.20%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           60      4.11%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      2.12%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      1.37%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.62%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.75%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      359.363636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     140.126087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     712.810111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     54.55%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     18.18%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.818182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.792465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.981650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     54.55%     54.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      9.09%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  254720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    11840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   258368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      64.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3972899000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      919014.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       133184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       121536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        11840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 33488449.748592726886                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30559618.487543292344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2977108.699418382719                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2081                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1956                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          286                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55797250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     55167250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  68156271000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26812.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28204.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 238308639.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5126520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2724810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13744500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               99180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1072707510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         623840640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2031709560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.863193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1611915750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2232497250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5297880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2812095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14672700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              866520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         736924500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         906605280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1980645375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.023359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2349504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1494908250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    270079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    270079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29777.177508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29777.177508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29777.177508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29777.177508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27777.398015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27777.398015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27777.398015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27777.398015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21452.592247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21452.592247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19452.903628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19452.903628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132289000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49976.955043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49976.955043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126995000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126995000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47976.955043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47976.955043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.146470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.146470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.961510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    416638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    416638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25976.517264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38768.563806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30138.744213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25976.517264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38768.563806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30138.744213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23976.517264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.008448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28138.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23976.517264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.008448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28138.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25976.517264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38768.563806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30138.744213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    223605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23976.517264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.008448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28138.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.388848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.365574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.346499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.676776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.459661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.384134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3977013000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7810672000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477638646                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007811                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7810672000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7810661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7810661                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18080                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5649                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23729                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5606                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    344716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    344716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.989929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61512.136752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61490.545844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.989929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61512.136752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61490.545844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          581                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              581                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59466.989929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59512.136752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59490.545844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59466.989929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59512.136752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59490.545844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2649                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61466.989929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61512.136752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61490.545844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.341148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59466.989929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59512.136752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59490.545844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2669.482607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.708947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.740480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1163.225421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1455.516705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.141995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.408569                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            40528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           40528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    692191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    692191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    692191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    692191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23119.271877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23119.271877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23119.271877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23119.271877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    632313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21119.338677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21119.338677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21119.338677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21119.338677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    692191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    692191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23119.271877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23119.271877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21119.338677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21119.338677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.785037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.785037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       395968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       395968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  395968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8511000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29996500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          171584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          187200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              358784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       171584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         171584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           581                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 581                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21967892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23967208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45935100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21967892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21967892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4760666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4760666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4760666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21967892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23967208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              50695766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       358.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2681.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2764.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003066432500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13464                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 320                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         581                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       581                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    223                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      57264000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                159357750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10516.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29266.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   581                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     164.991087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.780982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    160.242933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1065     47.46%     47.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          663     29.55%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          326     14.53%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           80      3.57%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      1.92%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      1.25%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.45%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.53%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     131.140761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     532.972696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             11     55.00%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     20.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     15.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.973504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.973329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     45.00%     45.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     10.00%     55.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     45.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  348480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    21760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   358784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         44.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7805271000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1261559.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       171584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       176896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        21760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21967892.135273378342                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22647987.266652598977                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2785931.863481144886                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2681                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          581                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75375000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     83982750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 162665338500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28114.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28712.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 279974765.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6090420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3237135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14765520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      616483920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1324491900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1883936640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3849109935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.801379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4885002500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    260780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2664889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9931740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5278845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24111780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1670400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      616483920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1655590650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1605116640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3918183975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.644926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4155947750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    260780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3393944250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    469622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    469622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26985.117508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26985.117508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26985.117508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26985.117508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24985.117508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24985.117508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24985.117508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24985.117508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    262113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20677.895235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20677.895235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18677.895235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18677.895235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207509000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207509000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43898.667231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43898.667231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198055000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198055000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41898.667231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41898.667231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.982811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.982811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    714859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    714859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20678.354686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33302.425939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24367.977911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20678.354686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33302.425939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24367.977911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    656189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18678.451016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31302.425939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22368.046087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18678.451016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31302.425939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22368.046087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20678.354686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33302.425939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24367.977911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    656189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18678.451016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31302.425939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22368.046087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.578694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.275955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   241.024811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.277927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.470752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7810672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11742798000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126065                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   235019                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              493417040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011743                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11742798000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11742787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11742787                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31200                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9326                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40526                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6913                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    427327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    427327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62250.388319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61435.571197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.986258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62250.388319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61435.571197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.986258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          824                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              824                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    193946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    193946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60250.388319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59435.571197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.986258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60250.388319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59435.571197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.986258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3678                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    427327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62250.388319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61435.571197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.986258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    193946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.093524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60250.388319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59435.571197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.986258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2966.838053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.878195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    62.945751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1146.369039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1757.523264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.139938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.214541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.362163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.458984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1081647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1081647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1081647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1081647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21659.798150                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21659.798150                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21659.798150                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21659.798150                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19659.798150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19659.798150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19659.798150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19659.798150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1081647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1081647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21659.798150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21659.798150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    981771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    981771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19659.798150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19659.798150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.526727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.526727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       495168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       495168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  495168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37025750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          206016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          236416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              442432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       206016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         206016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        52736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            52736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17544030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20132851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37676881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17544030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17544030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4490923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4490923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4490923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17544030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20132851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42167804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       455.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3219.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004682440500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17127                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 399                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         824                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    369                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74618500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                199343500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11217.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29967.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      352                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     151.764075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.517933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    151.296458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1594     53.42%     53.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          801     26.84%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          365     12.23%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      3.35%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.74%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      1.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.34%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.40%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      259.960000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     139.097174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     478.470173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     48.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     24.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4     16.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      8.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.960000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.932980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.978093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     48.00%     48.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      8.00%     56.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     44.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  425728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    16704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   442432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 52736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11722013000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1515059.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       206016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       219712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17544029.966282311827                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18710361.874571971595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2310863.220162690151                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3219                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3694                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          824                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     92991250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    106352250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 246334356000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28888.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28790.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 298949461.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7782600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4136550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17314500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      926877120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1782587790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3008108160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5746911120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.398789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7802769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    392080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3547948500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13523160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7187730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30180780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2108880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      926877120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2428638330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2464065600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5872581600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.100709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6380589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    392080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4970129000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    664120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    664120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25401.415185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25401.415185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25401.415185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25401.415185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23401.491681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23401.491681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23401.491681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23401.491681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    397847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20454.858612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20454.858612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18454.961440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18454.961440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266273000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    266273000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39771.919343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39771.919343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252883000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252883000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37771.919343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37771.919343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.662838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.662838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1030208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1030208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18634.852843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29860.609784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21716.020236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18634.852843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29860.609784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21716.020236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    935330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16634.852843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27860.763382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19716.062395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16634.852843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27860.763382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19716.062395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1030208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18634.852843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29860.609784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21716.020236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    572555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    935330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16634.852843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27860.763382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19716.062395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.728896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.250657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.256873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.221366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11742798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15633413000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   245652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              514691121                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015633                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15633413000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15633402                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15633402                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           56082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41921                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14161                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          56082                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8429                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    521270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    521270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        64511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        64511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62878.514315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.017575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61842.448689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62878.514315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.017575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61842.448689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1220                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1220                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    504412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    504412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60878.514315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.017575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59842.448689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60878.514315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.017575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59842.448689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4963                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          56082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    521270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        64511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62878.514315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.017575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61842.448689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    504412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.243253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60878.514315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.017575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59842.448689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3236.970383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.082208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.479829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1143.105689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2024.384865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.008481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.139539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.395138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.520264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            83550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           83550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1412091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21363.273272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21363.273272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21363.273272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21363.273272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1279893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1279893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1279893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1279893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19363.273272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19363.273272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19363.273272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19363.273272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21363.273272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21363.273272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1279893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1279893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19363.273272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19363.273272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.893374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.893374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       617536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       617536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  617536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14529000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          248128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          291328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              539456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       248128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         248128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        78080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            78080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15871646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18634958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34506605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15871646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15871646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4994431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4994431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4994431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15871646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18634958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39501035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       633.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3877.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4179.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004682440500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21324                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 577                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8429                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1220                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8429                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    587                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92789500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                243839500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11518.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30268.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4398                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      516                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8429                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1220                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.764455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.181419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    147.047879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2049     54.60%     54.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1009     26.89%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          421     11.22%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.30%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           66      1.76%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.96%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.37%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.35%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      223.361111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     137.801632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     400.738615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             18     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11     30.56%     80.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4     11.11%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      5.56%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.000802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     44.44%     44.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      8.33%     52.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     47.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  515584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    23872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    39232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   539456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 78080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15629441000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1619799.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       248128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       267456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        39232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15871646.197794429958                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17107972.520140036941                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2509496.806615420617                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3877                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1220                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    114421250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    129418250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 355707739500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29512.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28431.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 291563720.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10060260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5343360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22233960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              182700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1233582480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2434293300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3953299680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7658995740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.911943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10253367500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    521820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4858225500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16750440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8899275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35285880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3017160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1233582480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3088596870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3402307200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7788439305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.191873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8812822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    521820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6298770250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    905191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    905191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24184.861601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24184.861601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24184.861601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24184.861601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    830337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    830337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22184.915037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22184.915037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22184.915037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22184.915037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    576115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19874.943940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19874.943940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17874.943940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17874.943940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329076000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    329076000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38985.428267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38985.428267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312196000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312196000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36985.665206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36985.665206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.493342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.493342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1343055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1343055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.631163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27340.760928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20818.684896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.631163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27340.760928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20818.684896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    739804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1214033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    739804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1214033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16153.631163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25340.867800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18818.715898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16153.631163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25340.867800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18818.715898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1343055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.631163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27340.760928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20818.684896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    739804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1214033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16153.631163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25340.867800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18818.715898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.791826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.897954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.508400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.385472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.116988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15633413000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19530882000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 132486                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247836                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              517467116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019531                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19530882000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19530871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19530871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5673049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180995                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18289757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7469604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28286      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7385128     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186954     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668854      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9354160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        50413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           70969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        50413                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20556                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          70969                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10240                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    633588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    633588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        81209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.488263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60761.253151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61873.828125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.488263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60761.253151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61873.828125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1666                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1666                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61192.488263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.253151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59873.828125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61192.488263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.253151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59873.828125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6563                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        50413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          70969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    633588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63192.488263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60761.253151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61873.828125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61192.488263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.253151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59873.828125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3489.206359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              34695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.286454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.338172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1137.631470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2276.236716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.425929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.580811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           105225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          105225                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1699594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1699594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.892582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21407.892582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.892582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21407.892582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.892582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19407.892582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.892582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19407.892582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1699594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.892582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21407.892582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.892582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19407.892582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.114206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.549795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.114206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6561216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6561216                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       761984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       761984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  761984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54892500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          299904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          355456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              655360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       299904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         299904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       106624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           106624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15355374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18199690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33555064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15355374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15355374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5459252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5459252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5459252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15355374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18199690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39014316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       970.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4686.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004682440500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26218                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 885                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1666                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1666                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     113052750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                296521500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11553.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30303.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5170                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      781                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1666                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     143.812238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.947785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    142.135316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2662     55.78%     55.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1281     26.84%     82.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          491     10.29%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      3.21%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           91      1.91%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      0.90%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.34%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.27%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      175.581818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     112.258857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     330.011935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             35     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13     23.64%     87.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      7.27%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      3.64%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      1.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.054545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.027310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                24     43.64%     43.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      7.27%     50.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                27     49.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  626240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    29120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    60032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   655360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                106624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19507964000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1638498.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       299904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       326336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        60032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15355374.119817016646                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16708718.018981426954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3073696.313356457744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4686                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5554                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1666                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    139741750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    156779750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 443597310250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29821.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28228.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 266264892.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12809160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6808230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26824980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              762120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1541517120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2991675210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4980553440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9560950260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.529877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12917972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    652080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5960830000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21262920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11301510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43039920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4134240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1541517120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3873503400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4237961280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9732720390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.324673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10977141500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    652080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7901660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1214524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1214524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23267.634775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23267.634775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23267.634775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23267.634775                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1110130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1110130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1110130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21267.673091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21267.673091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21267.673091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21267.673091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51941                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    812976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19537.526135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19537.526135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    729756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    729756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17537.574199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17537.574199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    401548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37928.402758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37928.402758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35928.402758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35928.402758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.993556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1854999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 51941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.713579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.993556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1668825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1668825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18204.232382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25498.448930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20549.501293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18204.232382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25498.448930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20549.501293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16204.232382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23498.525526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18549.525920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16204.232382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23498.525526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18549.525920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003035000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1668825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18204.232382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25498.448930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20549.501293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892837000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16204.232382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23498.525526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18549.525920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.432030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.591377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.321169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.920865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.189996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19530882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23435258000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   245127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              511783342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023435                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23435258000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23435247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23435247                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6781611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3705174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1005783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 100153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        100153                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               160047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               79691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      219956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11123278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11123278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21962245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8966517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8854585     78.88%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     387      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    35560      0.32%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      778      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19730      0.18%     79.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20525      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438610     12.82%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797606      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19734      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1774      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11224760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           87929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60919                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27010                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          87929                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11708                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    729197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    729197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63648.401826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.784873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62281.943970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63648.401826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.784873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62281.943970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1930                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1930                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    705781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    705781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61648.401826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.784873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60281.943970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61648.401826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.784873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60281.943970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7651                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          87929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    729197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63648.401826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.784873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62281.943970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61648.401826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.784873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60281.943970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3738.746214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              38652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.051889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.203261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1135.194798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2524.348155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.308148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.456390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3476                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.643188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           127307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          127307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2009157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2009157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21243.161801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21243.161801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21243.161801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21243.161801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1820001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1820001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1820001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1820001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19243.182948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19243.182948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19243.182948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19243.182948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      94322                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2009157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2009157000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21243.161801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21243.161801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1820001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1820001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19243.182948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19243.182948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.261781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7570366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 94322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.260872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.261781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7863259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7863259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       872832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       872832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  872832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21358000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           62812500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          336384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          412928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              749312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       336384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         336384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       123520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           123520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14353757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17619947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31973704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14353757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14353757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5270691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5270691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5270691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14353757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17619947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              37244395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5256.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004682440500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            65                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            65                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30318                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1048                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11708                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1930                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11708                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1930                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    795                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     133521500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                343596500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11917.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30667.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      927                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11708                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1930                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.044784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    105.648289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    138.411138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3220     57.22%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1491     26.50%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          527      9.37%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          183      3.25%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          106      1.88%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      0.82%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.32%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.25%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      171.523077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     115.318152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     304.519607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             40     61.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17     26.15%     87.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      7.69%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      3.08%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      1.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.092308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     41.54%     41.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      7.69%     49.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                33     50.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  717056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    71104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   749312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                123520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23434491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1718323.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       336384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       380672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        71104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14353757.061262138188                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16243559.170545509085                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3034060.900887031108                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5256                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6452                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1930                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    159102250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184494250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 542200247750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30270.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28594.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 280932770.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14165760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7529280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28552860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              814320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1849451760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3307617090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6213777600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11421908670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.381392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16120602250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    782340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6532315750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26025300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13825185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51443700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4985100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1849451760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4736246280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5010721440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11692698765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.936208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12977204500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    782340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9675713500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1491443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1491443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22946.335985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22946.335985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22946.335985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22946.335985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1361449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1361449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20946.335985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20946.335985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20946.335985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20946.335985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64741                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1028086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1028086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19557.631213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19557.631213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    922952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17557.631213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17557.631213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37277.312953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37277.312953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35277.312953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35277.312953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.327835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2188522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.804266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.327835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2324147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2324147                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1184299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2001062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1184299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2001062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.624392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17896.201040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24408.672524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20083.321624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17896.201040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24408.672524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20083.321624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15896.231262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22408.672524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18083.341697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15896.231262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22408.672524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18083.341697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111801                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1184299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2001062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17896.201040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24408.672524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20083.321624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1051949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15896.231262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22408.672524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18083.341697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.859861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 176739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.580836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.242053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.057848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.559960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               291422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              291422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  338684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           472890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23435258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27307547000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134468                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   250977                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              524565618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027308                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27307547000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699508                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           157                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9064306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27307547                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27307547                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7912194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4333576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1174881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               179667                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               89396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12950107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12950107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25589716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10441214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38192      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10309024     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1041      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       917      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     428      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    39524      0.30%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      834      0.01%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22396      0.17%     79.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23178      0.18%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 229      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676039     12.83%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929309      7.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22229      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1931      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13065287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        72872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          103865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        72872                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30993                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         103865                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13000                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    808371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    808371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63672.519754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61020.670773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62182.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63672.519754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61020.670773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62182.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2256                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2256                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61672.519754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59020.670773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60182.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61672.519754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59020.670773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60182.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8803                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        72872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         103865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    808371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63672.519754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61020.670773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62182.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    782371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.190741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61672.519754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59020.670773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60182.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3980.279700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.281248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.189027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1142.599252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2756.491421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.139477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.336486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.485874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5622                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4025                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.686279                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           148307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          148307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2352498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2352498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2352498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2352498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20942.367268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20942.367268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20942.367268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20942.367268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18942.367268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18942.367268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18942.367268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18942.367268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     112076                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2352498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2352498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20942.367268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20942.367268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2127834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2127834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18942.367268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18942.367268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.366463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9064306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                112332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.692109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.366463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9176638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9176638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       976384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       976384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  976384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           69770250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          364480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          467520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              832000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       364480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         364480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       144384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           144384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13347226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17120542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30467768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13347226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13347226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5287330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5287330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5287330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13347226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17120542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35755097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1261.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5695.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6705.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004682440500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            72                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            72                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34031                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1167                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2256                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    995                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148096750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                380596750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11943.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30693.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6246                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1034                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     137.292434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.564612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    137.192825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3753     59.04%     59.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1609     25.31%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          557      8.76%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          212      3.33%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      1.86%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      0.76%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.31%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.24%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           72                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      170.861111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     118.946465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     289.457691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             41     56.94%     56.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           23     31.94%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      6.94%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      2.78%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      1.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             72                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           72                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.180556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.154041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      6.94%     44.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40     55.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             72                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  793600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    79168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   832000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                144384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27302982000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1789655.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       364480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       429120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        79168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13347225.951858656481                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15714337.139106635004                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2899125.285768069793                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5695                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7305                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2256                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    172512000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208084750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 637325382750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30291.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28485.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 282502385.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15165360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8060580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30052260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              835200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2155542480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3612096840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7444332480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13266085200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.802888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19316549250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    911820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7079177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30223620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16064235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58483740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5621940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2155542480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5495682930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5858154720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13619773665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.754929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15172239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    911820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11223488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1702316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1702316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1702316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1702316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22859.698125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22859.698125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22859.698125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22859.698125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1553380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1553380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1553380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1553380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20859.698125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20859.698125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20859.698125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20859.698125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      74212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1184616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1184616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19689.454001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19689.454001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1064286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17689.454001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17689.454001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517700000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    517700000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36195.203803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36195.203803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34195.203803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34195.203803                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.564953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 74468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.332223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.564953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2705588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2705588                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2301616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2301616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          186800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         186800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.625616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17470.388331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24257.663586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19694.656227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17470.388331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24257.663586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19694.656227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1215462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2067886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1215462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2067886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15470.388331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22257.663586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17694.656227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15470.388331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22257.663586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17694.656227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1372596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2301616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         186800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17470.388331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24257.663586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19694.656227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1215462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2067886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15470.388331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22257.663586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17694.656227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.163339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               131586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.592730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.837141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.096397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   205.229801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.107104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       224664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  396381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7189248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           561660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            300705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           372340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27307547000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
