
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3918928000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99613                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34300944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              389198569                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003919                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3918928000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3918917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3918917                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4593                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1998                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6295                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    379272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    379272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61836.722488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59675.751676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.722002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61836.722488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59675.751676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.722002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          592                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              592                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59836.722488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57675.751676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.722002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59836.722488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57675.751676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.722002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1263                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61836.722488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59675.751676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60249.722002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.698233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59836.722488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57675.751676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58249.722002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3724.389709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.020586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.903848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   873.275725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2822.210136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.053301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.172254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.227319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.313171                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    279985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    279985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27154.010280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27154.010280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27154.010280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27154.010280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    259363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    259363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25154.010280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25154.010280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25154.010280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25154.010280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27154.010280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27154.010280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25154.010280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25154.010280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.746811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.746811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.956042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.956042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       440768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       440768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  440768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33540250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          107008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          295872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              402880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       107008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         107008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        37888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27305426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75498197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              102803624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27305426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27305426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9667950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9667950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9667950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27305426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75498197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112471574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       591.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1672.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4598.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003265106500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14114                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 529                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6295                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52152750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                169715250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8317.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27067.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4583                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      434                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6295                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.907989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.542495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    283.860277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           822     45.29%     45.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          470     25.90%     71.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          161      8.87%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      5.12%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      3.03%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.21%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      1.93%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      1.21%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          135      7.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      182.242424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      90.641253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     276.033063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              13     39.39%     39.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4     12.12%     51.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     18.18%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4     12.12%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      6.06%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      3.03%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.030303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.000875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.015038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     48.48%     48.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     51.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  401280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   402880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        102.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     102.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3565196000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      517670.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       107008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       294272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27305426.381908521056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75089922.550248429179                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9178020.111622361466                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1672                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          592                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     47648000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    122067250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  62181396250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28497.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26404.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 105036142.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7047180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3745665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24104640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1853100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         812914620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         820308960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1979138085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.020272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2124446500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1663701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5911920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3142260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20663160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1080540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         679471350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         932682240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1952115390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.124842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2417380750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1370767250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    433038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47092.309410                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47092.309410                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46563.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46563.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    403984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45092.532649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45092.532649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44563.440860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44563.440860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32548.682204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32548.682204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30548.682204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30548.682204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272469000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272469000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62378.434066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62378.434066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60378.891941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60378.891941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11138000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     11138000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32662.756598                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32662.756598                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10456000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10456000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30662.756598                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30662.756598                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.187965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.187965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    534200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    534200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28969.193935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53263.062519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41452.626678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28969.193935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53263.062519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41452.626678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26969.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51263.364542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39452.781873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26969.193935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51263.364542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39452.781873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    534200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28969.193935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53263.062519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41452.626678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26969.193935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51263.364542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39452.781873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.613265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.818746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.229870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.564649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3918928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7991603000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34323324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196278                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              398594048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007992                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7991603000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7991592                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7991592                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7876                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7107                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14983                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    592923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    592923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62536.413469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60698.472748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.850067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62536.413469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60698.472748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.850067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1645                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1645                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60536.413469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58698.472748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.850067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60536.413469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58698.472748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.850067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2842                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62536.413469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60698.472748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61182.850067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.244871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60536.413469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58698.472748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59182.850067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4787.932576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.533427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    46.875362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1252.086548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3488.970666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.212950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.292232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.431458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44465                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    459224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    459224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.870721                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.870721                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.870721                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.870721                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.870721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.870721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.870721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.870721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    459224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    459224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.870721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.870721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.870721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.870721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.481653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.481653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       725504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       725504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  725504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17916000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           51743000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          163456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          456768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              620224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       163456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         163456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20453468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57155992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77609461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20453468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20453468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13173828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13173828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13173828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20453468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57155992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90783288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1635.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2554.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7103.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            95                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            95                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22949                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1523                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9691                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9691                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89088750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                270157500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9225.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27975.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9691                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.157879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.134844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.678347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1691     49.26%     49.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          878     25.58%     74.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          321      9.35%     84.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          152      4.43%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      2.77%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.99%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      1.54%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.02%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          174      5.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      100.989474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      57.624909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     175.632625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              53     55.79%     55.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            21     22.11%     77.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10     10.53%     88.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      4.21%     92.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      3.16%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.05%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      1.05%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      1.05%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      1.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.010526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.981086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                47     49.47%     49.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48     50.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  618048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   103424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   620224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                105280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         77.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7988125000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      704668.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       163456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       454592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       103424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20453468.471844758838                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56883706.560498565435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12941583.809906473383                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2554                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7137                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1645                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     74533750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    195623750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 186563685250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29183.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27409.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 113412574.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13337520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7089060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37327920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5063400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      630620640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1579153080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1738962720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4011554340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.971174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4505557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    266760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3219286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11174100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5939175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31623060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3372120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      630620640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1331030940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1947907680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3961667715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.728794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5049888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    266760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2674955000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    883394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    883394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    899321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    899321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31800.784765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31800.784765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31903.260137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31903.260137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    827838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    827838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    842945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29800.856762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29800.856762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29903.331087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29903.331087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    388218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21896.108291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21896.108291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19896.221094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19896.221094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495176000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    495176000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49276.146880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49276.146880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47276.146880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47276.146880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.130652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.130652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    290200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    894303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    290200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    894303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27823.585810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42408.073008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36243.282675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27823.585810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42408.073008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36243.282675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    844955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    844955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25823.585810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40408.213408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34243.363728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25823.585810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40408.213408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34243.363728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    290200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    894303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27823.585810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42408.073008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36243.282675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25823.585810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40408.213408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34243.363728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.887307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.115950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.585876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.185481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7991603000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12723187000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102932                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34329648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204372                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              436532850                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012723                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12723187000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12723176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12723176                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18765                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12950                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31715                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16688                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1056232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1056232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65427.370633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62662.060399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63292.905081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65427.370633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62662.060399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63292.905081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2631                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2631                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    781388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    781388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63427.370633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60662.060399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61292.905081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63427.370633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60662.060399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61292.905081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5998                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1056232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65427.370633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62662.060399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63292.905081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    781388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1022856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.168660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63427.370633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60662.060399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61292.905081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6376.954577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.073191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.324765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1484.068433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4824.561379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.389218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7099                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.672485                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            83673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           83673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    972043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    972043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22823.804269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22823.804269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22823.804269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22823.804269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    886865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    886865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20823.804269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20823.804269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20823.804269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20823.804269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22823.804269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22823.804269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20823.804269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20823.804269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.533853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.533853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        36007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        36007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  36007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1236416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1236416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1236416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89697750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          243648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          824384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1068032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       243648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         243648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       168384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           168384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19149919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64793829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               83943748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19149919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19149919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13234420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13234420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13234420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19149919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64793829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              97178168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2602.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3807.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12837.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           149                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           149                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                39118                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2430                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16688                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2631                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2631                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     29                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     187619500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    83220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                499694500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11272.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30022.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2631                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.217878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.940023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    191.977663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4712     60.60%     60.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1543     19.85%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          798     10.26%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          251      3.23%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      1.94%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      0.54%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.72%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.55%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          179      2.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      111.020134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.756850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     144.590824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              61     40.94%     40.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            40     26.85%     67.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           32     21.48%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      4.70%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      3.36%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.67%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.295302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.268476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                52     34.90%     34.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.67%     35.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                96     64.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1065216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   164928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1068032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                168384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      83.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12722384000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      658542.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       243648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       821568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       164928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19149918.962913930416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64572500.584955640137                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12962789.904762068763                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3807                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12881                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2631                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    121919750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    377774750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 298112880750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32025.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29328.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 113307822.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24276000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12903000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             57312780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7475040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1004321760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3057246300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2311180800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6474715680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.891025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5979411750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    424840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6318935250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              31237500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16603125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             61525380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5976900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1004321760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3108712740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2267840640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6496218045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.581040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5863531500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    424840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6434815500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1581475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1581475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1597402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1597402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33614.789466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33614.789466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33659.986936                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33659.986936                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1502490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1502490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31614.831977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31614.831977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31660.029079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31660.029079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22721.350559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22721.350559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20721.414994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20721.414994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    876227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54736.819090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54736.819090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844211000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844211000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52736.819090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52736.819090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.825837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.825837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1652095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1652095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23697.678540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43248.335398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34131.373440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23697.678540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43248.335398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34131.373440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21697.678540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41248.412821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32131.414759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21697.678540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41248.412821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32131.414759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1652095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23697.678540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43248.335398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34131.373440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1065529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21697.678540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41248.412821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32131.414759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.416763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.624507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.945537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.846718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.527044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12723187000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17240907000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34333188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   209842                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              452900579                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17240907000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17240896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17240896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        33459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        33459                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21504                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54963                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21173                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1355570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1355570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66499.659941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63371.912660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64023.520521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66499.659941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63371.912660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64023.520521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3172                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3172                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1028716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1028716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64499.659941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61371.912660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62023.520521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64499.659941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61371.912660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62023.520521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7920                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        33459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1355570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66499.659941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63371.912660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64023.520521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1028716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64499.659941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61371.912660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62023.520521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7912.896862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              23495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.966540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.242219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1529.135090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6306.519553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.093331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.384919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.482965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          882                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           122489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          122489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1483238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1483238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1483238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1483238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21290.701346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21290.701346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21290.701346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21290.701346                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1343906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1343906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1343906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1343906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19290.701346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19290.701346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19290.701346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19290.701346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1483238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1483238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21290.701346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21290.701346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1343906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1343906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19290.701346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19290.701346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.442104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.442104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1558080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1558080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1558080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          114061250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          282304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1072768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1355072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       282304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         282304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       203008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           203008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16374081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62222249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78596329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16374081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16374081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11774787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11774787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11774787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16374081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62222249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90371116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4411.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16714.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           180                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           180                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49777                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2949                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21173                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3172                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3172                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     30                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     253035250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   105625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                649129000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11978.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30728.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21173                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3172                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    21108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     144.897769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.481331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.793846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6801     63.50%     63.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2001     18.68%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1114     10.40%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          304      2.84%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          164      1.53%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           44      0.41%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.55%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.41%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          180      1.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      117.233333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      80.570224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     134.903570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              65     36.11%     36.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     26.11%     62.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           41     22.78%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           17      9.44%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.33%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.56%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.56%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.372222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.346844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.927727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                56     31.11%     31.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.56%     31.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               123     68.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1352000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   200128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1355072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                203008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17239814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      708145.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       282304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1069696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       200128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16374080.551562629640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 62044067.635188795626                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11607741.982483867556                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4411                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16762                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3172                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    145926500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    503202500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 402267116750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33082.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30020.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 126818132.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31801560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16899135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             70571760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8785260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1360812960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4139416380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3134684160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8762971215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.266254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8109512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    575640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8555754750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              44682120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23749110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             80260740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7537680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1360812960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4389663480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2923949760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8830655850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.192070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7555967750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    575640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9109299250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2177673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2177673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2193600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2193600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32514.228978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32514.228978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32552.755765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32552.755765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2043723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2043723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2058830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2058830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30514.258839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30514.258839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30552.785445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30552.785445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1027547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22134.437671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22134.437671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    934703000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20134.480753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20134.480753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1150126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1150126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55959.032745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55959.032745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1109020000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1109020000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53959.032745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53959.032745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15107000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36846.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.133509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1526174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2302992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1526174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2302992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20512.754159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39882.248412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30248.000315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20512.754159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39882.248412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30248.000315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1449642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1449642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18512.754159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37882.300677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28248.026584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18512.754159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37882.300677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28248.026584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1526174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2302992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20512.754159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39882.248412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30248.000315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1449642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2150720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18512.754159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37882.300677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28248.026584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.093661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.539319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.756905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.797437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17240907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21780252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106053                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34342976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   211376                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461970977                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021780                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21780252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21780241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21780241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42960                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26477                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69437                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         30958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        30958                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1612685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1978613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1612685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1978613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66970.717423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.433122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63912.817365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66970.717423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.433122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63912.817365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9058                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9058                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        30958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        30958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64970.717423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61257.433122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61912.817365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64970.717423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61257.433122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61912.817365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16056                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        30958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1612685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1978613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66970.717423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.433122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63912.817365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    355000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1916697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64970.717423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61257.433122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61912.817365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9325.369892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              64153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.995578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.003501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1535.571369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7705.795022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.093724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.470324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.569175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.940796                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           166509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          166509                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1869369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1869369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1869369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1869369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21275.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21275.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21275.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21275.710188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1693641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1693641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19275.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19275.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19275.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19275.710188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1869369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1869369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21275.710188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21275.710188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1693641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19275.710188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19275.710188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.975210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.975210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2561024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2561024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2561024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            76248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          166515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1631616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1981312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       349696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         349696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       579712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           579712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                30958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16055645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74912632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90968277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16055645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16055645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        26616405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              26616405                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        26616405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16055645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74912632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             117584682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5464.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25426.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           512                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           512                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                76269                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8512                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        30958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      30958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     37                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     366749500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   154450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                945937000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11872.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30622.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  30958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    30872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.806418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.116358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    212.833442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9209     60.55%     60.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2897     19.05%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1530     10.06%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          462      3.04%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          267      1.76%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          124      0.82%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      0.81%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           95      0.62%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          501      3.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       60.304688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.115605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      93.163855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             376     73.44%     73.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            62     12.11%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           45      8.79%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           18      3.52%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      1.37%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.20%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.20%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.562500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.542390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.822863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               110     21.48%     21.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.78%     22.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               398     77.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1976960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   575488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1981312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                579712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      26.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21780032000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      544283.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       349696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1627264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       575488                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16055645.269852709025                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74712817.831492498517                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26422467.471909876913                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5464                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25494                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9058                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    183287250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    762649750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 510905069750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33544.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29914.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  56403739.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              45867360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24379080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            100695420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            23641380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1719148080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5413835490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3804597600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11132164410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.112746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9835150250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    727220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11217881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              62724900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33335280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            119859180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23296860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1719148080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5802189600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3477562560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11238116460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.977339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8977865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    727220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12075166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3016416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3016416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3060993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3060993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35396.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35396.465535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35586.734872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35586.734872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2845982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2845982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2888965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2888965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33396.489005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33396.489005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33586.758124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33586.758124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1260909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1260909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22494.540978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22494.540978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1148801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20494.540978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20494.540978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755507000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1755507000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60194.314909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60194.314909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1697181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1697181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58194.383486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58194.383486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44577000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44577000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.314099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.314099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    984512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2237320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3221832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    984512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2237320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3221832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20331.075500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43048.564612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32091.238695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20331.075500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43048.564612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32091.238695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18331.075500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41048.603094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30091.258616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18331.075500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41048.603094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30091.258616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    984512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2237320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3221832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20331.075500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43048.564612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32091.238695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18331.075500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41048.603094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30091.258616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.490972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.345684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.201230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.944059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21780252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26002466000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112411                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34357212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223109                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              487136657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026002                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26002466000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26002455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26002455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        49577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           76733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        49577                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27156                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          76733                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         36797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        36797                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2334139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2334139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66811.382114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.886286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.861375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66811.382114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.886286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.861375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        13989                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            13989                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        36797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        36797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2260545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2260545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64811.382114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.886286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.861375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64811.382114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.886286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.861375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 21661                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        49577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          76733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        36797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2334139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66811.382114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.886286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.861375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1861955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2260545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.530197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64811.382114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.886286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.861375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10354.727412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              79180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            21661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.655418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.126438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1548.010881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8714.590092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.531896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           191291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          191291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2351613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2351613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20422.171081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20422.171081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20422.171081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20422.171081                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2121315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2121315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18422.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18422.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18422.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18422.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2351613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2351613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20422.171081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20422.171081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2121315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18422.188450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18422.188450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.303990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.303990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        87583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        87583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  87583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3250304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3250304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3250304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           106742000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          197473250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          393600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1961408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2355008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       393600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         393600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       895296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           895296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            30647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         13989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               13989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15137026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75431615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90568641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15137026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15137026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34431196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34431196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34431196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15137026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75431615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             124999837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     13951.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30578.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           790                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           790                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                93905                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13192                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       13989                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     13989                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     418373250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   183640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1107023250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11391.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30141.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22601                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 13989                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    36710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     192.109979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.383162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    245.724911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9583     56.78%     56.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3388     20.08%     76.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1656      9.81%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          558      3.31%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          341      2.02%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          184      1.09%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          180      1.07%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          141      0.84%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          845      5.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       46.483544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.864887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      77.483857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             648     82.03%     82.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            68      8.61%     90.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           45      5.70%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           18      2.28%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      0.89%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.13%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.13%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.631646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.613925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.771653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               143     18.10%     18.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.63%     18.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               642     81.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2350592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   891456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2355008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                895296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         34.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25980448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      511567.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       393600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1956992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       891456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15137025.849779017270                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75261784.786104515195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 34283517.570987306535                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        30647                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        13989                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    205369000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    901654250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 604751679250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33393.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29420.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  43230515.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              50986740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27100095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            119609280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            36096300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2052282960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5882938650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5030893440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13199907465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.640601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13014830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    868140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12119495500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              69507900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              36944325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            142628640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            36613080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2052282960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6302440980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4677628320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13318046205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.183968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12088949250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    868140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13045376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3434334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3434334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3478911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3478911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37533.294718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37533.294718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37692.160177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37692.160177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3251332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3294315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3294315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35533.294718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35533.294718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35692.160177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35692.160177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1286797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1286797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22609.101291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22609.101291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1172967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20609.101291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20609.101291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2147537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2147537000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62092.667553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62092.667553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2078365000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078365000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60092.667553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60092.667553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44577000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44577000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53930.991217                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.425474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.425474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2613394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3736435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2613394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3736435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.185616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45212.082418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32911.143212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.185616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45212.082418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32911.143212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18152.221504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43212.082418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30911.160828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18152.221504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43212.082418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30911.160828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2613394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3736435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.185616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45212.082418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32911.143212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18152.221504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43212.082418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30911.160828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.736004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.307882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.020640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.407482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.231070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26002466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30010002000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122938                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34364116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241666                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              527050124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030010                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30010002000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30010002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30010002                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        58601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           87415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        58601                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28814                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          87415                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         38085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        38085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2419092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2419092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66756.569630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62869.650173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63518.235526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66756.569630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62869.650173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63518.235526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        15025                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            15025                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        38085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        38085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2342922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2342922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64756.569630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60869.650173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61518.235526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64756.569630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60869.650173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61518.235526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22934                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        58601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          87415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        38085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66756.569630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62869.650173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63518.235526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2342922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.524082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64756.569630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60869.650173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61518.235526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11071.297534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            38681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.320131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.209788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1584.735075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9387.352670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.572959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.961121                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           205788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          205788                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2930943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2930943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2930943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2930943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19481.694429                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19481.694429                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19481.694429                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19481.694429                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2630051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2630051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2630051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2630051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17481.694429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17481.694429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17481.694429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17481.694429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2930943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2930943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19481.694429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19481.694429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2630051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2630051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17481.694429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17481.694429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.530475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.530475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        91195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  91195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3399040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3399040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3399040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           113210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          204432500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          406720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2030720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2437440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       406720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         406720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       961600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           961600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                38085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13552815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67668106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               81220921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13552815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13552815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32042650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32042650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32042650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13552815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67668106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             113263571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14987.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6355.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31661.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003799954500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           849                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           849                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                98528                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14162                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        38085                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      38085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     38                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     436153000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   190080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1148953000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11472.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30222.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11970                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  38085                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    37998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.614641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.354755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    242.468428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10007     56.26%     56.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3706     20.84%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1729      9.72%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          601      3.38%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          359      2.02%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          196      1.10%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          191      1.07%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          145      0.82%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          852      4.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       44.758539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.174923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      75.013281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             707     83.27%     83.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            68      8.01%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           45      5.30%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           18      2.12%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      0.82%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.617197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.783519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               160     18.85%     18.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.59%     19.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               684     80.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2433024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   957248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2437440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                961600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         81.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         31.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      81.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29999349000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      564853.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       406720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2026304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       957248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13552814.824870720506                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67520955.180209577084                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 31897631.996159147471                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6355                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15025                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    211869000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    937084000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 706883564500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33338.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29533.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47047159.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54028380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28716765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            123900420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            38539260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2368822560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6290580990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6226509600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15131097975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.201832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16118757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1002040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12889204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              72963660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              38781105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            147533820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            39536280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2368822560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6624654570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5945184480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15237476475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.746600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15381511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1002040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13626450750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3495715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3495715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3632664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3632664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37430.962298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37430.962298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37382.316621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37382.316621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3308933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3308933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3438312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35430.962298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35430.962298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35382.316621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35382.316621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1308118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1308118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22593.492003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22593.492003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1192322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1192322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20593.492003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20593.492003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2187597000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2187597000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.604006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61634.604006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2116611000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2116611000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.604006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59634.604006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136949000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    136949000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36182.034346                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36182.034346                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129379000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129379000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34182.034346                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34182.034346                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.502196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.502196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1255956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2718466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3974422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1255956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2718466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3974422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.488638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44900.667283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31668.701195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.488638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44900.667283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31668.701195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1126044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3723422000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1126044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3723422000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17335.488638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42900.667283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29668.701195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17335.488638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42900.667283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29668.701195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1255956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2718466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3974422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19335.488638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44900.667283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31668.701195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1126044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2597378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3723422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17335.488638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42900.667283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29668.701195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.904798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.248424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.225876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   264.430498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.229001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.516466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30010002000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
