
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4349738000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  76377                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34194656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   148043                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              332204155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000030                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004350                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4349738000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238681                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211649                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156295                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367786                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4349727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4349727                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243873                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185241                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17398                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17398                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14808                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21847                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3783831                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211547                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367842                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156295                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7165      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527685     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10903      0.56%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11214      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1078      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2478      0.13%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9984      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209113     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156143      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2434      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938503                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6022                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4656                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    303994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    303994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63780.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65546.847526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65290.807560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63780.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65546.847526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65290.807560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1886                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41702000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    294682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    294682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61780.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63546.847526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63290.807560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61780.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63546.847526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63290.807560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3792                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63780.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65546.847526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65290.807560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41702000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.106719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61780.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63546.847526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63290.807560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1521.634184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.292458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   177.686561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.404160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1138.543463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.086761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.100295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.555929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.742985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20321                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338688                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338688                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29098                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29098                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    505066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    505066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17357.412881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17357.412881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17357.412881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17357.412881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15357.481614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15357.481614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15357.481614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15357.481614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28880                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    505066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17357.412881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17357.412881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15357.481614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15357.481614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.396419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  663841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.986184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.396419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1396883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1396883                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25268500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          254784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              297984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       120704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           120704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1886                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1886                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9931633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58574562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68506195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9931633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9931633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        27749717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              27749717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        27749717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9931633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58574562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96255912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1860.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       675.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3969.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           107                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           107                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12222                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1726                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1886                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1886                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     26                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      61386500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                148461500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13218.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31968.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  37.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 57.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1886                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     113.571037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     92.958528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    107.921784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2209     60.59%     60.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1143     31.35%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          180      4.94%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      1.15%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      0.77%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.41%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.36%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.16%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.308411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.238243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     126.485245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              99     92.52%     92.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      6.54%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.93%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.112150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.084522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.974458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                43     40.19%     40.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11     10.28%     50.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                51     47.66%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  297216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   117184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   297984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                120704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      27.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4346518000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      664402.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        43200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       254016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       117184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9931632.663852397352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58398000.063452102244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26940473.196316652000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          675                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3981                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1886                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20513750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    127947750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  93585423750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30390.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32139.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49621115.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     43.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13844460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7347120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17907120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5773320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      342969120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1149281310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         702483840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2239606290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.883032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1813569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    145080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2391088750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12216540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6489450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15251040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3784500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      342969120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1102835430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         741596160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2225142240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.557763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1915567500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    145080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2289090500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361290                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6549                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6549                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    368744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    368744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56305.390136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56305.390136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56305.390136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56305.390136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54305.390136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54305.390136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54305.390136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54305.390136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6293                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40008.948546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40008.948546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38008.948546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38008.948546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62425.540853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62425.540853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60425.540853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60425.540853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.322107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  356040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.577149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.322107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374388                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    433496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    433496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19590.104331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71116.241672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40593.313981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19590.104331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71116.241672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40593.313981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3883                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17590.420487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69116.241672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38593.501264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17590.420487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69116.241672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38593.501264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13214                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    433496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19590.104331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71116.241672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40593.313981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17590.420487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69116.241672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38593.501264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.381255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.921523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.759571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.893929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.727756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.378437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.479937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.967542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54476                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       745728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1862208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2607936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4349738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8653887000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89430                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   173302                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              386874310                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000408                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3876525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008654                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8653887000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477372                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3876525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423501                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312245                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736705                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8653876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8653876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370505                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52221                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29239                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43432                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839991                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7569275                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115912                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735543                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14277      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3055335     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21952      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22533      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2157      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4838      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19897      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418504     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312093      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4794      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3876686                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    93                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          668                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11863                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    569599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    569599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        20430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        20430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65160.647572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66624.806801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66487.568577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65160.647572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66624.806801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66487.568577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5582                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    552465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.647572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64624.806801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64487.568577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.647572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64624.806801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64487.568577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8914                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    569599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        20430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65160.647572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66624.806801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66487.568577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    552465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.066928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.647572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64624.806801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64487.568577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1776.153074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              23705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.659300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   286.943414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   123.221275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1365.988385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.666987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            39565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           39565                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678730                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678730                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              57975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57975                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             57975                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    971547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    971547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16758.033635                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16758.033635                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16758.033635                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16758.033635                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    855599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    855599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14758.068133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14758.068133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14758.068133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14758.068133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57757                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         57975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             57975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    971547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16758.033635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16758.033635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14758.068133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14758.068133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.193985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1362438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.589141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.193985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2794679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2794679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       905536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       905536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  905536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46638750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          496896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              548288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       357248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           357248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5938603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57418822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63357425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5938603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5938603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        41281796                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              41281796                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        41281796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5938603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57418822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             104639222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5551.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       803.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7752.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24717                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5215                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     31                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     122759000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                283165250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14349.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33099.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 55.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8567                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     109.003506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.098486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.049211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5280     63.84%     63.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2390     28.90%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          353      4.27%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      1.12%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           71      0.86%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      0.56%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.23%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.08%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       26.728125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      20.897022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      73.933024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             312     97.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      2.19%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.287500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.256583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.031707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               112     35.00%     35.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      8.44%     43.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     50.00%     93.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                19      5.94%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  547520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   354048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   548288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                357248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      41.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8647480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      611172.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       496128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       354048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5938603.080904568546                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57330076.068707615137                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40912020.228597849607                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          803                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7764                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5582                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25490000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    257675250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 196244045250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31743.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33188.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  35156582.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     41.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30345000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16128750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30716280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14678640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      682865040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2267825940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1413344640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4455904290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.902065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3649300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    288860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4715727000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28709940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15259695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30366420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14198400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      682865040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2238279990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1438225440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4447904925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.977699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3714029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    288860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4650998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12802                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12802                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    727727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    727727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    727727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    727727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56844.789877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56844.789877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56844.789877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56844.789877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10249                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10249                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    702123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    702123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54844.789877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54844.789877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54844.789877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54844.789877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12546                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          420067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              420067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40590.736965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40590.736965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38590.736965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38590.736965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    588379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62800.619063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62800.619063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569641000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569641000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60800.619063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60800.619063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.638196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.119321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.638196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748387                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    818055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    818055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17225.768814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72505.099620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40039.890363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17225.768814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72505.099620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40039.890363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    777195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    777195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15225.935495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70505.099620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38039.988253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15225.935495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70505.099620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38039.988253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26113                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    818055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17225.768814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72505.099620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40039.890363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    777195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15225.935495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70505.099620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38039.988253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.646854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.987631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.373970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.809724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.463159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107651                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       115949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1475264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3710336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5185600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           289870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8653887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12956896000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   188133                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              419220373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000816                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5814641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012957                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12956896000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5814641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635532                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468387                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4105569                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12956885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12956885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731716                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1781018                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51004                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51004                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       65044                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5760031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5760031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11355652                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4674389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      635229                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1103616                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468387                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21397      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4582534     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33019      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33873      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3238      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7200      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29826      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   628073     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468235      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7156      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5814857                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           17685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16719                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          966                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          17685                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12446                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    831908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    831908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66441.530055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66873.124621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66841.394826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66441.530055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66873.124621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66841.394826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64441.530055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64873.124621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.394826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64441.530055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64873.124621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.394826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13901                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          17685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    831908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66441.530055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66873.124621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66841.394826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.922701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64441.530055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64873.124621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64841.394826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1866.433938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              36632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.635206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   287.326864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    94.969658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1484.137417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.046372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.911345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            58635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           58635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4018692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4018692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4018692                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4018692                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86877                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86877                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1437487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1437487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1437487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1437487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4105569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4105569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16546.232029                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16546.232029                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16546.232029                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16546.232029                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1263735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1263735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1263735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1263735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14546.255050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14546.255050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14546.255050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14546.255050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4018692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4018692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1437487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1437487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4105569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4105569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16546.232029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16546.232029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1263735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1263735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14546.255050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14546.255050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.461664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2060657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.778915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.461664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4192445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4192445                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        34268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1396608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1396608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1396608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            59326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67768750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          737984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              796544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       600064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           600064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4519601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56956851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61476452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4519601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4519601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46312327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46312327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46312327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4519601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56956851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             107788779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9326.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11517.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           537                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           537                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37241                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8768                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12446                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     50                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     182609250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                415709250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14688.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33438.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3831                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5080                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  30.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 54.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12446                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     108.482022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     89.587365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.434073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8301     64.75%     64.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3563     27.79%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          561      4.38%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      1.19%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      0.86%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      0.58%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      0.28%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.08%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.135940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      19.417888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      57.258042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             529     98.51%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      1.30%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.318436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.287913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.024465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               180     33.52%     33.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                45      8.38%     41.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               277     51.58%     93.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                31      5.77%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  795648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   595200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   796544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                600064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         45.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12950020000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      593438.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        58560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       737088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       595200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4519600.990854599513                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56887699.029150187969                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 45936928.103768058121                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11531                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30201000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    385508250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 299322638250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33006.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33432.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  31924342.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     40.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              48159300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              25597275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45224760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25416180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1022760960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3412878990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2101444800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6681482265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.669977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5425406750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    432640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7098849250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43382640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23058420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43539720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23129820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1022760960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3290206440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2204748000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6650826000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.303958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5694949500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    432640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6829306500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1084543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1084543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084543                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084543                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19160                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19160                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1085764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1085764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1103703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1103703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1103703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1103703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56668.267223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56668.267223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56668.267223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56668.267223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15514                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15514                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54668.267223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54668.267223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54668.267223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54668.267223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18904                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          630448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              630448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40276.608302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40276.608302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38276.608302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38276.608302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         454095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             454095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881038000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    881038000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030068                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62587.056901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62587.056901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852884000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852884000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60587.056901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60587.056901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.086759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.804116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.086759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122863                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1198719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1198719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          106037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         106037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16342.840941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72858.526046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39782.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16342.840941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72858.526046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39782.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12555                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12555                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14342.954352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70858.526046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37782.324439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14342.954352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70858.526046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37782.324439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38905                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1198719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         106037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16342.840941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72858.526046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39782.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14342.954352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70858.526046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37782.324439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.420949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.006169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.984977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    40.958252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.477720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.495074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               160968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              160968                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               106037                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              106036                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2219136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5560064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7779200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           434380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12956896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17264205000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101816                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197286                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439380681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000535                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7751795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017264                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17264205000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            953992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7751795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      847556                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5473416                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17264194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17264194                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4973858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2373835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       740180                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67804                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67804                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103524                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58132                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86652                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7679040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7679040                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15141557                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6232801                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      847153                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1471679                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28597      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6108393     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44079      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45541      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4318      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9560      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39746      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   837637     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  624374      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9516      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    95                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22390                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23646                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16381                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1101737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1101737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68271.347249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67187.251256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67257.005067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68271.347249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67187.251256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67257.005067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        13083                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            13083                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    999125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1068975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    999125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1068975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66271.347249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65187.251256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65257.005067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66271.347249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65187.251256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65257.005067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19052                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1101737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68271.347249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67187.251256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67257.005067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    999125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1068975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.044958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.924260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66271.347249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65187.251256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65257.005067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1911.733512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              50749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.663710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   286.908524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    79.855146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1544.969842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.140092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.038992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.754380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            77903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           77903                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5357639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5357639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5357639                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5357639                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115777                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115777                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1906734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1906734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5473416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5473416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16469.022345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16469.022345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16469.022345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16469.022345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1675182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1675182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14469.039619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.039619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14469.039619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.039619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115559                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5357639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5357639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1906734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1906734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5473416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16469.022345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16469.022345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1675182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14469.039619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14469.039619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.595976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2757898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.865714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.595976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5589192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5589192                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1885696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81796000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89269500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           67456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          980928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1048384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        67456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          67456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       837312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           837312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         13083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               13083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3907275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56818602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60725878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3907275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3907275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48499887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48499887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48499887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3907275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56818602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             109225765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     13025.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1054.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           751                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           751                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49785                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               12258                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       13083                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     13083                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     58                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     247046500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    81820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                553871500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15096.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33846.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  29.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 54.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 13083                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     107.501402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.864108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.652827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11474     65.64%     65.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4730     27.06%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          743      4.25%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          208      1.19%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          147      0.84%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          102      0.58%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      0.29%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.08%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.776298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.954077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      48.517604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             743     98.93%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      0.93%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.308921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.278297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.025235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               258     34.35%     34.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                55      7.32%     41.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               390     51.93%     93.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                44      5.86%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1047296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   831936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1048384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                837312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         48.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17261029000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      585834.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        67456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       979840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       831936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3907275.197438862175                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56755581.852740973234                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 48188491.737673409283                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1054                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15327                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        13083                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     36699500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    517172000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 401218594250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34819.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33742.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30667170.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     40.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66209220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35191035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             61111260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            35887500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1362656880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4602478110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2753683680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8917217685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.514817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7108126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    576420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9579658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58605120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31149360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             55727700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            31967280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1362656880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4377291630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2943314400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8860712370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.241842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7602699750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    576420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9085085250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1446433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1446433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1446433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1446433                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25377                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25377                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1446544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1446544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1471810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1471810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1471810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1471810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57002.167317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57002.167317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57002.167317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57002.167317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20610                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20610                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1395790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1395790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1395790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1395790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55002.167317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55002.167317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55002.167317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55002.167317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25121                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          840782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              840782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       847555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          847555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40477.631773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40477.631773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38477.631773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38477.631773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1172389000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1172389000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       624255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         624255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029802                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63018.114384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63018.114384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1135181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029802                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61018.114384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61018.114384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.813594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1448615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.665499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.813594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1497187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1497187                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              101126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             101126                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1589326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1589326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          141154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         141154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15978.758797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73249.954773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39705.356251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15978.758797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73249.954773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39705.356251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13978.844103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71249.954773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37705.406216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13978.844103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71249.954773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37705.406216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51749                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             101126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1589326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         141154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15978.758797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73249.954773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39705.356251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    327734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1509272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13978.844103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71249.954773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37705.406216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20610                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20610                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20610                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20610                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.812887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.084195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.525872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    39.011265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.275750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.413136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               214025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              214025                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               141154                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              141153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  302917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2943168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7409664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10352832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           578880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            244204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17264205000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21576889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105245                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203932                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              454133932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000405                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9689251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21576889000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1192271                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9689251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1059539                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6841528                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21576878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21576878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6216516                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2966860                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       924999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84610                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84610                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129172                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9598348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9598348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18927834                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7791456                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1059035                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1839678                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35800      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7634605     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55146      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57209      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5398      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11922      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49668      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1047157     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  780491      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11878      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9689580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    95                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28066                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1631                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29697                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         20369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        20369                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1373726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1373726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69072.231140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67335.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.995189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69072.231140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67335.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.995189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        16866                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            16866                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        20369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        20369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67072.231140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65335.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65441.995189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67072.231140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65335.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65441.995189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 24319                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        20369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1287662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1373726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69072.231140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67335.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67441.995189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67072.231140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65335.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65441.995189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1938.969797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              64411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            24319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.648588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   304.952673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.159027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1563.858098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.148903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.763603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97509                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6696859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6696859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6696859                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6696859                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144669                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144669                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2378928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2378928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6841528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6841528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16443.937540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16443.937540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16443.937540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16443.937540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2089592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2089592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14443.951365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14443.951365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14443.951365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14443.951365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144451                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6696859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6696859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2378928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2378928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6841528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16443.937540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16443.937540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2089592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089592000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14443.951365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14443.951365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.676730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3417261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.656887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.676730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6986196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6986196                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               20369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        57604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        57604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  57604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2383040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           104699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          111044500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1223872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1303616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        79744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          79744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1079424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1079424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            19123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                20369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3695806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56721430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60417236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3695806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3695806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        50026860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              50026860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        50026860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3695806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56721430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             110444096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     16800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1246.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19103.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           970                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           970                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                62497                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               15819                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        20369                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16866                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      20369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16866                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     66                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     310869750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   101745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                692413500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15276.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34026.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9027                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  28.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  20369                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16866                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     106.679118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.425369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.886814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         14724     66.11%     66.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5957     26.75%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          919      4.13%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          264      1.19%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          197      0.88%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          127      0.57%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.26%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.07%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.974227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.695379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.750969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             962     99.18%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      0.72%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.295876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.265074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               339     34.95%     34.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                73      7.53%     42.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               494     50.93%     93.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                60      6.19%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1302336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1073728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1303616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1079424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         49.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      50.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21570025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      579294.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        79744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1222592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1073728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3695806.193376626354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56662107.313060753047                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49762873.600545473397                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1246                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16866                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     44368250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    648045250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 504590444000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35608.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33888.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29917612.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              83659380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              44466015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             75348420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            45701100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1703167440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5761572540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3433675200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11147590095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.644920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8863134000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11993295000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              75369840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              40060020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             69943440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            41874840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1703167440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5513395680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3642666240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11086477500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.812603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9408148250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    720460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11448280750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1808073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1808073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1808073                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1808073                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31780                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31780                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1809691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1809691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1809691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1809691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1839853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1839853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1839853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1839853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56944.336060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56944.336060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56944.336060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56944.336060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25839                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25839                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54944.336060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54944.336060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54944.336060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54944.336060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31524                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1051037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1051037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1059538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1059538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40427.714387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40427.714387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38427.714387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38427.714387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         757036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             757036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1466015000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1466015000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       780315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         780315                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62975.858070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62975.858070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419457000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419457000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60975.858070                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60975.858070                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.250602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1830659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.071913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.250602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1871633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1871633                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1519218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1983846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1519218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1983846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15850.578242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.214224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39623.824076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15850.578242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.214224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39623.824076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13850.646471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.214224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37623.864022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13850.646471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.214224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37623.864022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64768                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1519218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1983846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15850.578242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73201.214224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39623.824076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1883714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13850.646471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71201.214224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37623.864022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25839                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25839                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25839                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25839                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.649786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.096143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.429643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.733917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.486226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.410995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267568                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25839                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       289337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3687616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9258752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12946368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           723340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21576889000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25888521000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   209665                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466861156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000063                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11626378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025889                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25888521000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1430631                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11626378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271365                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      936691                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8209403                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25888510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25888510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7459657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3559970                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1109937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101431                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101431                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               154843                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               87033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      129851                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11517318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11517318                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22713007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9349741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1270760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2207451                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     936691                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 42999      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9160721     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    66196      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     68877      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6479      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14286      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   59599      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1256518     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  936539      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               14242      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11626762                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    96                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        33630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        33630                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1966                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35596                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         24331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        24331                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1646587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1646587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69811.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67542.395811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67674.448235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69811.440678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67542.395811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67674.448235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        20690                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            20690                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        24331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        24331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67811.440678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65542.395811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65674.448235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67811.440678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65542.395811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65674.448235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 29573                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        33630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        24331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1646587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69811.440678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67542.395811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67674.448235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.040404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.920984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67811.440678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65542.395811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65674.448235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1957.128351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              78925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            29573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.668820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   315.777985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    64.448606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1576.901760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.154188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.769972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           117038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          117038                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8035862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8035862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8035862                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8035862                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173541                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173541                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2849013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2849013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8209403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8209403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16416.944699                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16416.944699                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16416.944699                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16416.944699                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2501933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2501933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14416.956224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14416.956224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14416.956224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14416.956224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173323                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8035862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8035862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2849013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8209403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8209403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16416.944699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16416.944699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2501933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14416.956224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14416.956224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.730569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4115458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.744442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.730569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8382943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8382943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        69352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        69352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2881344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2881344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2881344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           127781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          132689750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           90624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1466560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1557184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        90624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          90624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1324160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1324160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            22915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                24331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         20690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               20690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3500548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56649045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60149593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3500548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3500548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51148538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51148538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51148538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3500548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56649045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             111298131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20607.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1416.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1191                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1191                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75187                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19408                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        24331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       20690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      24331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     20690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     83                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     376852750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   121550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                832665250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15501.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34251.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11006                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  27.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  24331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 20690                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        27079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     106.083681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.103866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     95.611618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18000     66.47%     66.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7163     26.45%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1107      4.09%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          326      1.20%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          242      0.89%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          145      0.54%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           66      0.24%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.07%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         27079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.408060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.474592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      38.628523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1183     99.33%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      0.59%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.285474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.254172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.036696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               424     35.60%     35.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                92      7.72%     43.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               591     49.62%     92.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                79      6.63%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 5      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1555840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1317568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1557184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1324160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         50.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25885948000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      574974.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        90624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1465216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1317568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3500547.597910285927                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56597130.442484527826                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 50893907.767075605690                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1416                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        22915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        20690                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51452750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    781212500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 608973066750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36336.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34091.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29433207.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             102394740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              54401325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             90199620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            55927080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2043063360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6924462030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4110066240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13380514395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.851248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10608859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    864240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14415422000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              91006440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48363480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             83373780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            51537060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2043063360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6611722410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4373425920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13302492450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.837482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11295742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    864240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13728538500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2169485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2169485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2169485                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2169485                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38187                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38187                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2174901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2174901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2174901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2174901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2207672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2207672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2207672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2207672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56953.963391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56953.963391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56953.963391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56953.963391                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31153                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31153                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2098527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2098527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2098527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2098527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54953.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54953.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54953.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54953.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37931                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40812.937580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40812.937580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38812.937580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38812.937580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         908262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             908262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28046                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            28046                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1761017000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1761017000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       936308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         936308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62790.308778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62790.308778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1704925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60790.308778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60790.308778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.541958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2194882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.865124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.541958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2245859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2245859                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          138494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              151800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         138494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             151800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59928                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2376976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2376976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          211728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         211728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15739.407082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73363.490213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.863303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15739.407082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73363.490213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.863303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1775595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2257122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1775595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2257122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13739.464148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71363.490213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37663.896676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13739.464148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71363.490213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37663.896676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77825                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         138494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             151800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1825357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         211728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15739.407082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73363.490213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39663.863303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1775595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2257122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13739.464148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71363.490213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37663.896676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.207751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 241489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                77825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.102975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.586827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.965532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.655393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321218                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               211728                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              211727                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  454608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4437760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11106560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15544320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           867700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25888521000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30188468000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34195184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   224829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500325866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13565640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030188                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30188468000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1669535                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13565640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1483167                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           879                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9577695                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30188468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30188468                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8705242                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4153773                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1295425                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 118216                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        118216                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               180460                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              101460                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151432                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13438122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13438122                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26505167                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10912336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1482461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2575095                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092634                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50520      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10687513     78.78%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    77248      0.57%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81836      0.60%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7558      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16644      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   69510      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1465861     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1092482      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16600      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13566078                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        39215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        39215                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41500                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         28199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        28199                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1909351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1909351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70245.033113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67566.450598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67709.883329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70245.033113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67566.450598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67709.883329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        24460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            24460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        28199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        28199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1749903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1749903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68245.033113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65566.450598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65709.883329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68245.033113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65566.450598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65709.883329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34669                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        39215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        28199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1909351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70245.033113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67566.450598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67709.883329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1749903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.037078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.921136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68245.033113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65566.450598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65709.883329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        29726                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29726                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        29726                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29726                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1970.071813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              99425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.707874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   323.579889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.394000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1586.097924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.774462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           136142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          136142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9375280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9375280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9375280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9375280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         202415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             202415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        202415                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            202415                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3313501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3313501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3313501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3313501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9577695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9577695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16369.839192                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16369.839192                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16369.839192                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16369.839192                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        202415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       202415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2908671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2908671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2908671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2908671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14369.839192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14369.839192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14369.839192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14369.839192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     202198                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9375280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9375280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        202415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            202415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3313501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3313501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9577695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9577695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16369.839192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16369.839192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2908671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2908671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14369.839192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14369.839192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.768946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9577695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                202415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.317121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.768946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9780110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9780110                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               28199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        80858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        80858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  80858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           150499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          153804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           96640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1708096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1804736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        96640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          96640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1565440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1565440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            26689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                28199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3201222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56581076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59782298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3201222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3201222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51855563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51855563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51855563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3201222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56581076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             111637861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     24371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     26667.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001297506500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1409                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1409                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87669                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               22957                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        28199                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      28199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     89                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     437674250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   140885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                965993000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15533.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34283.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12992                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  27.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  28199                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    28177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     105.899266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     87.992249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     95.361298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         21135     66.57%     66.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8387     26.42%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1277      4.02%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          383      1.21%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          285      0.90%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          168      0.53%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           80      0.25%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.06%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.996451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.300214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      35.555584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1401     99.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             7      0.50%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.284599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.253571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.031767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               500     35.49%     35.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               109      7.74%     43.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               704     49.96%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                91      6.46%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 5      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1803328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1558656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1804736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1565440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         51.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    30182662000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      573171.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        96640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1706688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1558656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3201222.400553748012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56534435.599713109434                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 51630841.286811903119                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        26689                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24460                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55514250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    910478750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 711241591500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36764.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34114.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29077742.91                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             118845300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              63167775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            103744200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65923380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2382959280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8055299280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4808962080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15598901295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.717221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12413203250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1008020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16767244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             107828280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              57312090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             97439580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            61204500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2382959280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7725564540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5086633440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15518941710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.068541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13137494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1008020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16042953500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2530931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2530931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2530931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2530931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44432                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44432                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2533053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2533053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2533053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2575363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2575363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2575363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2575363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57009.655203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57009.655203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57009.655203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57009.655203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36283                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36283                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2444189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55009.655203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55009.655203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55009.655203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55009.655203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44176                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1471353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1471353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1483166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1483166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40855.244222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40855.244222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38855.244222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38855.244222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1059578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1059578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32619                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2050430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2050430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62859.989577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62859.989577                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1985192000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985192000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029865                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60859.989577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60859.989577                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.749636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2575363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.961897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.749636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2619795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2619795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          161690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              177148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         161690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             177148                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2126565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2759040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2126565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2759040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.282357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.282357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15530.386740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73395.630565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39585.072957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15530.386740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73395.630565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39585.072957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          29726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                29726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2619642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2619642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13530.386740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71395.630565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37585.072957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13530.386740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71395.630565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37585.072957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90641                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         161690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             177148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    632475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2126565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2759040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       202415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.282357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15530.386740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73395.630565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39585.072957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    551025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2068617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2619642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13530.386740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71395.630565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37585.072957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36283                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36283                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36283                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36283                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.605470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 283130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.106096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   214.467743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.430466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.707261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.418882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.071153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.505288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               374283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              374283                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       125147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       404830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  529977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5165760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12954560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18120320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1012075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            428262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           222160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30188468000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
