
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13050931000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69272                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34206720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82391                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              904046365                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1189396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13050931000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47286                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1189396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      858060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3347                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13050920                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13050920                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               235911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              181814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46287                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 811640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        811640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               812152                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1190348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1190348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3021944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             285190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        862379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     858059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    327851     27.53%     27.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.35%     27.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47139      3.96%     31.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     31.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             810920     68.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1191067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107393                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6556925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6586594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6556925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6586594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61343.309414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.688285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61343.309414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.688285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        90441                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            90441                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6343147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6371808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6343147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6371808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59343.309414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.688285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59343.309414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.688285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 91009                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6556925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6586594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61343.309414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61331.688285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6343147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6371808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59343.309414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59331.688285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106329                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106329                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15097.834420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             181551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            91009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.994869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    31.268810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15066.565610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.919590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           321200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          321200                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1563029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1563029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1563029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1563029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1563029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1563029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.410390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.410390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1564307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1564307                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       305227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       305227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 305227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12661376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     12661376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12661376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           559598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          565306500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6840896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6873152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      5788224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          5788224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         90441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               90441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2471548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524169195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              526640743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2471548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2471548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       443510428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             443510428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       443510428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2471548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524169195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             970151172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     90441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5416                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5416                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               303346                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               85144                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       90441                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     90441                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              5662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              5644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              5697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              5730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1000664750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3014283500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9317.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28067.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     97186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    82714                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107393                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 90441                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     706.776239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    525.078804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.751218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           818      4.57%      4.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3587     20.03%     24.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          754      4.21%     28.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          570      3.18%     31.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          868      4.85%     36.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          590      3.29%     40.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          593      3.31%     43.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          726      4.05%     47.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9406     52.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.828102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.724091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     223.296038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          5415     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.694978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.668833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3489     64.42%     64.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                99      1.83%     66.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1819     33.59%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6873152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  5786880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6873152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               5788224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        526.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        443.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     526.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     443.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13050887000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65968.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6840896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      5786880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2471547.815247816499                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524169195.285761594772                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 443407447.330768942833                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        90441                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   3001405750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 270747957500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28079.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2993641.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              64174320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              34105665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            384517560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           236800080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1030136640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3106189920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2395818720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7251742905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.649471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6133516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    435760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6481654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              63724500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33870375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           235192320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1030136640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3089650230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2409746880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7244589405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.101349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6170680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    435760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6444490250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753755                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753755                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8375273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8375273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8375273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8375273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       860724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           860724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       860724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          860724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78296.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78296.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78296.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78296.263403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106609                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106609                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8161337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8161337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8161337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8161337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76296.282100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76296.282100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76296.282100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76296.282100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106712                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         749577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             749577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8366757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8366757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       856389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         856389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78331.620043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78331.620043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8153135000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8153135000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76331.638767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76331.638767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.511995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  858682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.511995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                967692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               967692                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7732860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7769022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7732860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7769022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72335.971263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72284.092706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72335.971263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72284.092706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7519058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7554066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7519058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7554066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70335.989972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70284.111315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70335.989972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70284.111315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    107111                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7732860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7769022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72335.971263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72284.092706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7519058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7554066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70335.989972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70284.111315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.411062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               107111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.368880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.117070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.925112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107608                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107607                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106609                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13668928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13709824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            640653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13050931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26320789000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  68183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    80569                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              897310415                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2363310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026321                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26320789000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             90764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2363310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1729327                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6745                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3132286                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26320778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26320778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               453301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              355726                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        89765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1637730                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1637730                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1638242                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2365961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2365961                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6028746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             546058                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1733646                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1729326                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    632197     26.71%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.18%     26.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92316      3.90%     30.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1637010     69.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2366680                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        216089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       216089                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13319971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13349640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13319971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13349640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       216174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       216174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61785.240160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61778.433886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61785.240160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61778.433886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       199137                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           199137                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       216089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       216089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12888801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12917462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12888801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12917462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59785.240160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59778.433886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59785.240160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59778.433886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                199705                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       216089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13319971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13349640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       216174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61785.240160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61778.433886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12888801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12917462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59785.240160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59778.433886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215025                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215025                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15746.266145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             398943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           199705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    15.504364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15730.761781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.960130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           647288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          647288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3132286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3132286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3132286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.707647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.707647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132925                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              216089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             216089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       199137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       631315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       631315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 631315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     26574464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     26574464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26574464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1211774000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1137336500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13797440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13829696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12744768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12744768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               216089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        199137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              199137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1225495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524203131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525428626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1225495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1225495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       484209193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             484209193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       484209193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1225495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524203131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1009637819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    199137.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215585.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11920                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11920                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               626549                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              187514                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       216089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      199137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     216089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    199137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2110142750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1080445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6161811500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9765.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28515.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    195336                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   182124                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 216089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                199137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   216089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        37745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.993218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    521.787164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.323827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1717      4.55%      4.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7628     20.21%     24.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1598      4.23%     28.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1227      3.25%     32.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1826      4.84%     37.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1275      3.38%     40.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1277      3.38%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1559      4.13%     47.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19638     52.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         37745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.128020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.703002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     150.517924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         11919     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.704446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.677880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.953300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7641     64.10%     64.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               218      1.83%     65.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4004     33.59%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13829696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12743488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13829696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12744768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        484.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     484.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26320721000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63388.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13797440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12743488                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1225495.177975097904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524203130.840796589851                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 484160562.208070576191                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215585                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       199137                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6148933750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 594235206500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28522.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2984052.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             135017400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              71763450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772083900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           520256520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2077483200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6256688790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4838392800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14671686060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.418171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12381741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    878800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13060247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             134489040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              71478825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            770791560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           519134220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2077483200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6246231570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4847198880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14666807295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.232813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12404812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    878800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13037176500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1514627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1514627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1514627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1514627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16986151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16986151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16986151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16986151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1730292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1730292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1730292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1730292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78761.741590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78761.741590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78761.741590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78761.741590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215305                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215305                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16554823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16554823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16554823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16554823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76761.750864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76761.750864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76761.750864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76761.750864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1510449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1510449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16977635000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16977635000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1725957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1725957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78779.604469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78779.604469                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16546621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16546621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76779.613750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76779.613750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.262186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1728250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.262186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1945956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1945956                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15691562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15727724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15691562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15727724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72781.574968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72754.592344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72781.574968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72754.592344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         215025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               215025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15260368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15295376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15260368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15295376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70781.584245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70754.601596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70781.584245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70754.601596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215807                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15691562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15727724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72781.574968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72754.592344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15260368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15295376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70781.584245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70754.601596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.716298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.182906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.049730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.483662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647928                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216304                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215305                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27582016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27622912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1292829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1078320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26320789000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39589942000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70247                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82826                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              927012648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3537231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39589942000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134243                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3537231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2600595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700908                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39589931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39589931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               670696                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              529640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2463822                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2463822                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2464333                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541580                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9035557                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             806930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604914                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2600594                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    936548     26.44%     26.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.12%     26.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137492      3.88%     30.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2463102     69.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3542299                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324785                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20082300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  20111969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20082300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  20111969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61928.697642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.946611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61928.697642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.946611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       307833                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           307833                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19433738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19433738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59928.697642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.946611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59928.697642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.946611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                308401                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20082300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20111969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61928.697642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.946611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19433738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59928.697642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.946611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15960.012053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             616335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           308401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    10.307848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15949.704205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           973376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          973376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4700269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4700269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4700269                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4700269                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4700269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4700269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.805634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701547                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       957403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       957403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 957403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     40487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     40487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                40487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1863950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1709364500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20753984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20786240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19701312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19701312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        307833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              307833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             814752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524223653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525038405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        814752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            814752                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       497634273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             497634273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       497634273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            814752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524223653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1022672678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    307833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324281.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18423                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18423                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               949745                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              289874                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324785                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      307833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324785                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    307833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3218905750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9308624500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9910.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28660.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    293474                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   281513                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324785                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                307833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        57600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.854444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    520.190145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.679582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2659      4.62%      4.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11647     20.22%     24.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2437      4.23%     29.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1888      3.28%     32.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2790      4.84%     37.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1962      3.41%     40.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1951      3.39%     43.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2384      4.14%     48.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        29882     51.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         57600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.628671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.697170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     121.074119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         18422     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.707594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11785     63.97%     63.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               340      1.85%     65.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6198     33.64%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               100      0.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20786240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19699456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20786240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19701312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        497.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     497.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39589858000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62580.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20753984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19699456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 814752.393423561938                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524223652.563067615032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 497587392.272512018681                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324281                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       307833                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9295746750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 917624759250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28665.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980917.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             205810500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             109390875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159585980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           803556360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3124829760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9405805410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7281859680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22090838565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.991183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18631741250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1321840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19636360750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             205467780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             109201125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1159378920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           803180520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3124829760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9401345730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7285615200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22089019035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.945223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18641398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1321840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19626704000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2275501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2275501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2275501                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2275501                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324361                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324361                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25596312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25596312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25596312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25596312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78913.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78913.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78913.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78913.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          324001                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                324001                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24947592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24947592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24947592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24947592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76913.044417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76913.044417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76913.044417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76913.044417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     324104                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2271323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2271323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25587796000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25587796000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2595527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2595527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78924.985503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78924.985503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24939390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24939390000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76924.991672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76924.991672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.509475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2597818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                324104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.015384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.509475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2924222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2924222                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23649547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23685709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23649547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23685709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          325000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         325000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72926.255188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72908.043500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72926.255188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72908.043500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23000961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23035969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23000961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23035969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70926.261355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70908.049657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70926.261355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70908.049657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324503                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23649547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23685709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         325000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72926.255188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72908.043500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23000961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23035969000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70926.261355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70908.049657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.146550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 648232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.121602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.697898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.327050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               974016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              974016                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               325000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        324001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  974000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41495104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41536000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1945005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39589942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52860279000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71334                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    84015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              942675961                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4711137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052860                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52860279000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            177721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4711137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3471853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13537                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269512                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52860268                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52860268                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               888086                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              703552                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176722                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3289904                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3289904                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3290415                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4717184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4717184                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12042331                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1067798                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3476172                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3471852                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1240894     26.30%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.09%     26.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182668      3.87%     30.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3289184     69.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4717903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433480                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26845884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26875553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26845884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26875553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.168767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61999.522469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.168767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61999.522469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       416528                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           416528                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25979932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26008593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25979932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26008593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.168767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59999.522469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.168767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59999.522469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                417096                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26845884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26875553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62003.168767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61999.522469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25979932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26008593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60003.168767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59999.522469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432416                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432416                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432416                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432416                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16066.452334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             833725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           417096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     7.720108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16058.732225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1299461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1299461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268873                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268873                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.854428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.854428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6270151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6270151                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       416528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1283488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1283488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1283488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     54400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     54400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2516120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2281388250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27710464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27742720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26657792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26657792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        416528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              416528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             610212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524220918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524831131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        610212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            610212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       504306684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             504306684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       504306684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            610212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524220918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1029137814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    416528.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432976.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24929                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24929                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1272933                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              392252                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433480                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      416528                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    416528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4328974750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2167400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12456724750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9986.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28736.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    391614                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   380934                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                416528                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   25062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        77431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.535367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    519.896995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.697732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3559      4.60%      4.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15676     20.25%     24.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3276      4.23%     29.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2562      3.31%     32.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3748      4.84%     37.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2648      3.42%     40.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2623      3.39%     44.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3217      4.15%     48.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40122     51.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         77431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.388142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.692769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     104.084020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         24928    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.707449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15948     63.97%     63.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               463      1.86%     65.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8381     33.62%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               137      0.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27742720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26656000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27742720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26657792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        504.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     504.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52860195000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62187.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27710464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26656000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 610212.443260089494                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524220918.319405734539                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 504272782.971879482269                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432976                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       416528                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12443847000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1241127707500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28740.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979698.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             276403680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             146912040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1086856200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4172176320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12550407060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9729583680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29509427040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.253335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24892349000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1764880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26203050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             276460800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             146938605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1547959140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1087273800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4172176320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12555695520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9725130240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29511634425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.295094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24880923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1764880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26214476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3036366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3036366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3036366                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3036366                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         433056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             433056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        433056                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            433056                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34207711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34207711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34207711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34207711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3469422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3469422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3469422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3469422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78991.426051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78991.426051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78991.426051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78991.426051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432696                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432696                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        433056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33341601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33341601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33341601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33341601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76991.430669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76991.430669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76991.430669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76991.430669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432799                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3032188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3032188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34199195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34199195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3465087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3465087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79000.401941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79000.401941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33333399000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33333399000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77000.406561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77000.406561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.632619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3467378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.011520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.632619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3902477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3902477                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31608776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31644938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31608776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31644938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73001.337216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72987.591278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73001.337216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72987.591278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30742800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30777808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30742800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30777808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71001.341835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70987.595891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71001.341835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70987.595891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433198                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31608776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31644938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73001.337216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72987.591278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30742800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30777808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71001.341835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70987.595891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.360805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.091075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.522694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.747036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1300101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1300101                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433695                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1300085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55408064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55448960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2597175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2165275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52860279000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                66131387000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80111                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    94291                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1059567718                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5885051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.066131                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66131387000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221199                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5885051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4343118                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16935                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7838131                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         66131376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   66131376                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1105476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              877466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4115991                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4115991                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4116503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5892797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5892797                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049129                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1328668                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4347437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4343117                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545242     26.22%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.07%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227846      3.87%     30.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4115271     69.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5893516                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        542176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       542176                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33610182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33639851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33610182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33639851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62048.955826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.997979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62048.955826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.997979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       525224                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           525224                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       542176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       542176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32526838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32555499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32526838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32555499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60048.955826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60045.997979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60048.955826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60045.997979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                525792                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       542176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33610182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33639851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62048.955826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.997979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32526838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32555499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60048.955826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60045.997979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16130.177133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1051117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           525792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.170853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16124.006280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837492                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837492                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7838131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7838131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7838131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.883641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.883641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838770                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838770                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       525224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1609576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1609576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1609576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     68313600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     68313600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                68313600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3168296000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2853412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34667008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34699264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33614336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33614336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        525224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              525224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             487756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524214138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524701894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        487756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            487756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       508296250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             508296250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       508296250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            487756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524214138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1032998144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    525224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541672.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         31435                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         31435                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1596129                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              494628                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      525224                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    525224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5439711000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2710880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15605511000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10033.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28783.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    489762                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   480352                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                525224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   31385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   31484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   31515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   31436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   31436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   31436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   31436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   31442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   31474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   31602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   31435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        97261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.352310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    519.772287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.679773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4452      4.58%      4.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19713     20.27%     24.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4109      4.22%     29.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3231      3.32%     32.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4717      4.85%     37.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3335      3.43%     40.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3301      3.39%     44.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4043      4.16%     48.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        50360     51.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         97261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.247240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      92.690376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         31434    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          31435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.707492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             20108     63.97%     63.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               587      1.87%     65.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10567     33.62%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               173      0.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          31435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34699264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33612800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34699264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33614336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        508.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     508.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66131321000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61955.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34667008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33612800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 487756.290367840033                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524214137.532001256943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 508273023.216645956039                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541672                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       525224                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15592633250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1564627059250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28786.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978970.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             347196780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             184539465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934590140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1370156040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5220137520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15698693190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12174500640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36929813775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.430958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31146420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2208180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32776786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             347253900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             184566030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1936546500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1371387960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5220137520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15711193860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12163973760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36935059530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.510281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31118021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2208180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32805185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3797236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3797236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3797236                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3797236                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541752                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541752                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42819841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42819841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42819841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42819841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79039.562383                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79039.562383                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79039.562383                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79039.562383                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541392                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541392                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41736339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41736339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41736339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41736339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77039.566075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77039.566075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77039.566075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77039.566075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541495                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3793058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3793058                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42811325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42811325000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4334653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4334653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79046.750801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79046.750801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41728137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41728137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77046.754494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77046.754494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.706344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4336946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.706344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4880739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4880739                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39568730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39604892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39568730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39604892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73047.490700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73036.451014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73047.490700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73036.451014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         541112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               541112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38485362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38520370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38485362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38520370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71047.494392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71036.454703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71047.494392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71036.454703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541894                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39568730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39604892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73047.490700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73036.451014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38485362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38520370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71047.494392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71036.454703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.489077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1083014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.072798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.417801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.998478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1626189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1626189                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1626173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69321152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69362048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3249351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  66131387000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79399373000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90434                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   106395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1196727589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7058976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079399                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79399373000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            264678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7058976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5214390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20331                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406758                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79399362                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79399362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1322871                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1051380                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       263679                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4942087                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4942087                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4942598                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7068420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7068420                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18055952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1589540                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5218709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5214389                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1849593     26.16%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.06%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273022      3.86%     30.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4941367     69.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7069139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650872                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40371326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40400995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40371326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40400995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62074.588541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.104807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62074.588541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.104807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       633920                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           633920                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39070590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39099251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39070590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39099251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60074.588541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.104807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60074.588541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.104807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                634488                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40371326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40400995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62074.588541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62072.104807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39070590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39099251000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60074.588541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60072.104807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16172.592056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1268509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           634488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.139676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16167.452379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9406119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9406119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9406119                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9406119                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9406119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9406119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.903085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.903085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9407397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9407397                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       633920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1935664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1935664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1935664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     82226688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     82226688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                82226688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3820472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3425462250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41623552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41655808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     40570880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         40570880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        633920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              633920                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             406250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524230235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524636485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        406250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            406250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       510972297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             510972297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       510972297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            406250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524230235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1035608782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    633920.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         37938                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         37938                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1919335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              596990                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650872                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      633920                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    633920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              39633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              39552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              39552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              39554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              39608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             39568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             39582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             39564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             39581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             39617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             39680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6547266750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3254360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18751116750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10059.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28809.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    587863                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   579752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                633920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   37877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   37994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   38040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   37947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   37991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   38141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   37939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   37938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   37938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   37938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   37938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       117147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     701.887919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    519.000276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.923907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5423      4.63%      4.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23734     20.26%     24.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4965      4.24%     29.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3879      3.31%     32.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5684      4.85%     37.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4016      3.43%     40.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3966      3.39%     44.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4858      4.15%     48.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        60622     51.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        117147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.155886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.689770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.374074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         37937    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          37938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.708604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24247     63.91%     63.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               715      1.88%     65.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12760     33.63%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               216      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          37938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41655808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 40569024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41655808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              40570880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        510.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     510.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79399271000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61799.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41623552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     40569024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 406250.059430570109                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524230235.420121014118                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 510948921.473221242428                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650368                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       633920                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18738239000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1888034876000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28811.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978348.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             418061280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             222204840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322092220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1653455880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6267484080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18843024660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14621549280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44347872240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.541844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37404893750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2651220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39343259250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             418375440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             222368025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2325133860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1655455140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6267484080.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18861553650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14605945920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44356316115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.648191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37363586250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2651220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39384566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4558114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4558114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4558114                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4558114                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650448                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650448                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51428817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51428817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51428817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51428817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5208562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5208562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5208562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5208562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79066.761678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79066.761678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79066.761678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79066.761678                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          650088                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                650088                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50127923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50127923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50127923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50127923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77066.764753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77066.764753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77066.764753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77066.764753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650191                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4553936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4553936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51420301000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51420301000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5204227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5204227                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79072.755120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79072.755120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50119721000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50119721000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77072.758196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77072.758196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.755415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5206514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.007669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.755415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5859009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5859009                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47525530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47561692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47525530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47561692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          651087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         651087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73073.367764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73064.148532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73073.367764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73064.148532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649808                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649808                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46224770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46259778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46224770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46259778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71073.370840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71064.151604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71073.370840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71064.151604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650590                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47525530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47561692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         651087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73073.367764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73064.148532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46224770000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46259778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71073.370840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71064.151604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       650088                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       650088                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       650088                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       650088                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.574454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.060633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.347984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.165837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1952277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1952277                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               651087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              651086                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        650088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1952261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83234240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83275136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3901527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3252235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79399373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92667440000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   117182                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    70.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1318969413                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8232870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092667                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92667440000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308155                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8232870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6085642                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23729                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10975351                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92667440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92667440                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1540256                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1225290                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5768162                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5768162                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5768674                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8244013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8244013                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21062702                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1850404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6089961                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6085641                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2153934     26.12%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.05%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318199      3.86%     30.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5767442     69.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8244732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47132687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  47162356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47132687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  47162356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62093.247860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.107170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62093.247860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.107170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       742615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           742615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45643222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45643222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60093.247860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60091.107170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60093.247860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60091.107170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                743183                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47132687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47162356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58867.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62093.247860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62091.107170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45643222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56867.063492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60093.247860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60091.107170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        16202.861315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1518155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.403781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16198.457534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974712                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974712                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10975351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10975351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10975351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63494.522692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61494.522692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10975351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.823161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975990                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       742615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2261749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2261749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2261749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     96139648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     96139648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                96139648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4472642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3997486750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48580032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48612288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     47527360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         47527360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           759063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        742615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              742615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             348083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524240575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524588658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        348083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            348083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       512880900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             512880900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       512880900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            348083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524240575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1037469558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    742615.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    759063.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000052632500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44442                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44442                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2242535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              699364                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759567                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      742615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    742615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              46444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              46336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              46338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              46392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             46352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             46366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             46348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             46365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             46401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             46464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7655112000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3797835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21896993250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10078.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28828.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    685985                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   679166                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759567                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                742615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   15048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   16050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   44559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       137004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     701.712417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    518.696710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.022497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6370      4.65%      4.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27750     20.25%     24.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5808      4.24%     29.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4542      3.32%     32.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6638      4.85%     37.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4704      3.43%     40.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4633      3.38%     44.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5670      4.14%     48.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70889     51.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        137004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.090973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.689143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      77.956850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         44441    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             28393     63.89%     63.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               839      1.89%     65.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14951     33.64%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               259      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48612288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 47525760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48612288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              47527360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        512.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     512.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92667389000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61688.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48580032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     47525760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 348083.426066372369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524240574.682973861694                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 512863633.656006872654                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       759063                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       742615                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21884115500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2211435967750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25551.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28830.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2977903.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             488861520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             259836060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709594300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1936755720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7314830640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21993358800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17063573760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51766810800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.629987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43651589250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3094260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45921590750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             489361320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             260094120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2713714080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1939564080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7314830640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       22018946670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17042026080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51778536990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.756528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43594421750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3094260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45978758250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318973                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318973                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         759142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             759142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        759142                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            759142                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60037993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  60037993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60037993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  60037993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6078115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6078115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6078115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6078115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79086.643869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79086.643869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79086.643869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79086.643869                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758783                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758783                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        759142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58519709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58519709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58519709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58519709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77086.643869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77086.643869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77086.643869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77086.643869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758886                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5314795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5314795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60029477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60029477000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6073780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6073780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79091.783105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79091.783105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58511507000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58511507000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77091.783105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77091.783105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.790435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6078115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                759142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.006559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.790435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6837257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6837257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        759075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55482536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55518698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55482536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55518698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       759142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       759142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73092.297863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73084.383376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73092.297863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73084.383376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53964386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53999394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53964386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53999394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71092.297863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71084.383376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71092.297863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71084.383376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759285                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55482536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55518698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62672.443674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73092.297863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73084.383376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53964386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53999394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60672.443674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71092.297863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71084.383376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758783                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758783                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.635384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.051952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.298160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.285272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2278361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2278361                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2277067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2278345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97188096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4553696000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3795710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92667440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
