
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4425904000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81527                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   182007                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              360820040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004426                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4425904000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4425893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4425893                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8475                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    530548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    530548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63874.555371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61340.770315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62601.533923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63874.555371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61340.770315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62601.533923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2105                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2105                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61874.555371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59340.770315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60601.533923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61874.555371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59340.770315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60601.533923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8040                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    530548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63874.555371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61340.770315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62601.533923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.535152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.410291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61874.555371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59340.770315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60601.533923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1509.802740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.774254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.266117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   480.480298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   935.056324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.234610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.456570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.737208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.881836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            32493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           32493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    501435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    501435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36092.636580                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36092.636580                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36092.636580                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36092.636580                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    473649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    473649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.636580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34092.636580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.636580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34092.636580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    501435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    501435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36092.636580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36092.636580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.636580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34092.636580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.389627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.389627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       677120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       677120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  677120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          269888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          272512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              542400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       269888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         269888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       134720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           134720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           60979181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61572054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              122551235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      60979181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          60979181                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        30438979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              30438979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        30438979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          60979181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61572054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             152990214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1912.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           111                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           111                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19893                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1788                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8475                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92150000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                248900000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11022.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29772.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8475                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.935065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    124.386166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    215.902605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1710     48.28%     48.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1080     30.49%     78.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          333      9.40%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          120      3.39%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      1.72%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      1.58%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      1.50%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.65%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          106      2.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.855856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      46.250965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     162.056996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              90     81.08%     81.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            13     11.71%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      2.70%     95.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.90%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.90%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.90%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.90%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.90%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.072072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.043545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                50     45.05%     45.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      2.70%     47.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                58     52.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  535040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   121280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   542400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                134720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        120.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     122.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      30.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4425631000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      418301.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       269888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       265152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       121280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 60979180.750418454409                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59909116.871943004429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27402311.482580736279                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4217                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4258                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2105                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    128568000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120332000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105614787750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30488.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28260.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  50173295.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11909520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6330060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27439020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5507100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      349115520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1129075950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         748746720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2278123890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.725102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1934358250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    147680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2343865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13394640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7111830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32251380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4384800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      349115520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1092729330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         779354400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2278341900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.774360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2014097500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    147680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2264126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    518212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35576.304401                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35576.304401                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34709.444072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34709.444072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33576.467706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33576.467706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32709.578031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32709.578031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29760.710151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29760.710151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27760.710151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27760.710151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    204373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45680.151989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45680.151989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43680.599017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43680.599017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82509000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     82509000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30752.515840                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30752.515840                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77143000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77143000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28752.515840                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28752.515840                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.326030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.326030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    750952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    750952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46112.309645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37343.385683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41127.772605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46112.309645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37343.385683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41127.772605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    714436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    714436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44112.309645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35343.578379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39127.882140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44112.309645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35343.578379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39127.882140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46112.309645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37343.385683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41127.772605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    714436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44112.309645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35343.578379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39127.882140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.278704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.007023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   134.352294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.919387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.262407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4425904000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8607414000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89681                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              385939220                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8607414000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8607403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8607403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6685                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16032                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22717                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14054                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    890440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    890440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.418721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62180.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63358.474456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.418721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62180.654545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63358.474456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4109                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4109                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    862332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    862332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.418721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60180.654545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61358.474456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.418721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60180.654545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61358.474456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14535                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    890440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.418721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62180.654545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63358.474456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    448590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.418721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60180.654545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61358.474456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1715.765630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.101410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   140.947716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   500.700076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1074.117837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.068822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.244482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.524472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979004                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    823087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    823087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.689938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.689938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.689938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.689938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    780689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    780689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.689938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.689938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.689938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.689938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.689938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.689938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    780689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    780689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.689938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.689938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.143558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.143558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        32217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        32217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1162432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1162432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1162432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            34599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          459456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          440000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              899456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       459456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         459456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       262976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           262976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           53379099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51118722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              104497820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      53379099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          53379099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        30552266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              30552266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        30552266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          53379099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51118722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             135050086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3878.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7179.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6727.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           224                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           224                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34006                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3628                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14054                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4109                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14054                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4109                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     162112000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    69530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                422849500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11657.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30407.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14054                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4109                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     176.564413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.471698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    204.687328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3081     47.88%     47.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2097     32.59%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          565      8.78%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          211      3.28%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      1.76%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           87      1.35%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      1.07%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.67%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          169      2.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       61.982143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      44.218314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     117.270412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             186     83.04%     83.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            24     10.71%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.89%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.45%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.45%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.45%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.178571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.148789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.008611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     41.07%     41.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.23%     43.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               122     54.46%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  889984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   246272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   899456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                262976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         28.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     104.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      30.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8604324000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      473728.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       459456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       430528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       246272                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 53379098.530638813972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50018274.942973576486                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 28611613.197645656765                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7179                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6875                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4109                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    223227000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    199622500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 202368630000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31094.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29036.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49250092.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21448560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11400180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45517500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10267740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      679177200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1858250730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1740404640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4366466550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.291336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4505089500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    287300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3815024500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24504480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13020645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53771340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9818820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      679177200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2428042680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1260579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4468915005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.193686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3252128500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    287300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5067985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    876193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    964454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    964454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31486.021274                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31486.021274                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31521.194888                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31521.194888                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    820539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    903262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    903262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29486.093144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29486.093144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29521.260254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29521.260254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    491112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25688.461136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25688.461136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23688.565750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23688.565750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    385081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44211.366246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44211.366246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367661000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42211.366246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42211.366246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.539873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.539873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1340355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1340355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45356.462781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31060.459228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36450.424236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45356.462781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31060.459228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36450.424236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43356.462781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29060.546534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34450.478625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43356.462781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29060.546534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34450.478625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    628822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1340355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45356.462781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31060.459228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36450.424236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43356.462781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29060.546534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34450.478625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.972948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.655928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   136.458932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.858087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.206359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.266521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.515348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8607414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12239463000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97889                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204906                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              399351473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012239                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12239463000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12239452                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12239452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6702                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26761                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33463                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14746                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    463660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    936125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    463660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    936125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.787204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62528.454209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63483.317510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.787204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62528.454209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63483.317510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4572                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4572                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    906633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    906633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.787204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60528.454209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61483.317510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.787204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60528.454209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61483.317510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15309                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    463660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    936125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64486.787204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62528.454209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63483.317510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62486.787204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60528.454209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61483.317510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1808.708338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              39682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.592070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   155.629843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   438.442908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1214.635587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.075991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.214083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.593084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            75351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           75351                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    824400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    824400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.355202                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.355202                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.355202                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.355202                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    781934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    781934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    781934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.355202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.355202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.355202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.355202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    824400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38826.355202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38826.355202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    781934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36826.355202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36826.355202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.694455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.694455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        34064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        34064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  34064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1236352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1236352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1236352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           79305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          460160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          483584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              943744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       460160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         460160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       292608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           292608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37596421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39510230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77106651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37596421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37596421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23906931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23906931                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23906931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37596421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39510230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             101013582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7190.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7388.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           247                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           247                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36745                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4019                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14746                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4572                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14746                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4572                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     172269000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    72890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                445606500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11817.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30567.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8531                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3300                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14746                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4572                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.045662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.609280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.278507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3444     49.14%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2273     32.43%     81.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          575      8.20%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          213      3.04%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      1.64%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           88      1.26%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      1.06%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.66%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          180      2.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       58.886640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.925518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     112.193119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             208     84.21%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            25     10.12%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      2.83%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.81%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.40%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.40%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.255061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.226322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.989644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     37.25%     37.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.02%     39.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               145     58.70%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  932992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   272768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   943744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                292608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12234901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      633342.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       460160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       472832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       272768                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37596420.692639864981                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38631760.233271673322                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22285945.061478596181                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7190                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7556                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4572                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    223570750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    222035750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 287124412250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31094.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29385.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  62800615.10                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22976520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12208515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47295360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11123820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      965599440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2313829500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2751466080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6124499235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.389538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7128901750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    408460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4702101250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27067740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14386845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             56791560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11123820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      965599440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3144929970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2051592000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6271491375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.399227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5301183000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    408460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6529820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1146601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1234862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1234862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28733.266508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28733.266508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28937.104560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28937.104560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1066793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1066793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1149516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26733.316627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26733.316627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26937.151427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26937.151427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    702583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23278.212179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23278.212179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21278.278444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21278.278444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    444018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45666.769516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45666.769516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424572000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424572000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43666.769516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43666.769516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.863411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.863411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    903474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1533350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    903474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1533350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45340.915635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26326.534180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.641983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45340.915635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26326.534180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.641983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43340.915635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24326.592459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.683468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43340.915635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24326.592459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.683468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    629876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    903474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45340.915635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26326.534180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31805.641983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43340.915635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24326.592459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29805.683468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.761470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.685008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    98.927898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.148564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.193219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12239463000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15866887000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107624                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              426908482                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015867                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15866887000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15866876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15866876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        37466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6712                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        37466                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44178                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    981341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    981341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.275644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.791029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.275644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.791029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5008                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5008                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60819.275644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.791029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60819.275644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.791029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16035                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        37466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    981341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62819.275644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.791029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60819.275644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61607.791029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1862.275601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              53048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.308263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.243988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.628691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1352.402922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.070920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.178041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.660353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1677                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    825656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    825656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38837.950985                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.950985                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38837.950985                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.950985                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    783138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    783138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    783138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    783138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36837.950985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36837.950985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36837.950985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36837.950985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38837.950985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.950985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    783138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36837.950985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36837.950985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.992924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.992924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        35864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1307904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1307904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1307904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            40468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           83004250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          460800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          526592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              987392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       460800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         460800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       320512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           320512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29041614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33188111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62229724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29041614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29041614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20200056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20200056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20200056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29041614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33188111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82429780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4705.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7200.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8040.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           270                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           270                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                39437                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4410                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5008                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     182477250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                468227250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11973.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30723.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8698                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     168.637206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.421225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    200.807349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3786     50.09%     50.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2451     32.43%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          578      7.65%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          215      2.84%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      1.56%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           91      1.20%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      0.98%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      0.70%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          192      2.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       56.229630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.233732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     107.691245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             231     85.56%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            25      9.26%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      2.59%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.74%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.37%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.37%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.37%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.318519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.290912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.969052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     34.07%     34.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.85%     35.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               168     62.22%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  975360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   299264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   987392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                320512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15865073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      776329.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       460800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       514560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       299264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29041613.518770255148                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32429801.762626785785                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18860914.557468015701                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8228                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5008                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224040750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    244186500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 367895257000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31116.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29677.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  73461512.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26803560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14242635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51936360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13159620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1252021680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3401669940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3228320640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7988154435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.448120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8357391250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    529620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6979875750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27167700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14439975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             56877240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11249100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1252021680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3219916890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3381375840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7963048425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.865831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8757583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    529620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6579683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1412343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1500604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1500604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27309.594710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27309.594710                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27541.598605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27541.598605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1308913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1391636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25309.633382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25309.633382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25541.635312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25541.635312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    910824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22168.179716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22168.179716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20168.228393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20168.228393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47184.024838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47184.024838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480261000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480261000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45184.024838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45184.024838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.580486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.580486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1725363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1725363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45350.776308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23951.044972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28945.643968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45350.776308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23951.044972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28945.643968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603096000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603096000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43350.776308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21951.088741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26945.677521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43350.776308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21951.088741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26945.677521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1725363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45350.776308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23951.044972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28945.643968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1606151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43350.776308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21951.088741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26945.677521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.730466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.848358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    77.442490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   331.439617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.195016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.151255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.647343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15866887000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19504373000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430444890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019504                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19504373000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19504362                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19504362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        48020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6730                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        48020                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16212                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1035332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1035332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.187621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63345.103264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63862.077473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.187621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63345.103264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63862.077473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5589                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5589                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.187621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61345.103264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61862.077473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.187621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61345.103264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61862.077473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        48020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64508.187621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63345.103264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63862.077473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.157928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.187621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61345.103264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61862.077473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1896.896826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              56118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.300476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.482578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   301.314344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1459.099903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.066642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.712451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1541                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           101672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          101672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    826634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    826634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38821.866341                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38821.866341                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38821.866341                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38821.866341                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    784048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    784048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36821.866341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36821.866341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36821.866341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36821.866341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    826634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    826634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38821.866341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38821.866341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    784048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36821.866341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36821.866341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.180739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.180739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1395264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1395264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1395264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44157000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87285750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          461184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          576384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1037568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       461184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         461184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       357696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           357696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23645159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29551527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53196686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23645159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23645159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18339272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18339272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18339272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23645159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29551527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              71535958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5226.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7206.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8817.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           299                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           299                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42518                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4903                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16212                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5589                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    363                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195563500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    80115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                495994750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12205.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30955.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4110                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16212                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5589                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     164.727802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.796898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    198.926241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4257     51.64%     51.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2624     31.83%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          583      7.07%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          221      2.68%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      1.50%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           95      1.15%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.93%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.70%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      2.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       53.545151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.364547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     102.792815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             258     86.29%     86.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            27      9.03%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      2.34%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.67%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.33%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.33%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.33%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.384615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.358445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.942596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     30.77%     30.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.67%     32.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               197     65.89%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1025472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   332672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1037568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                357696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19503149000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      894598.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       461184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       564288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       332672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23645158.959993228316                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28931358.111332267523                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17056277.584519125521                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7206                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9006                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5589                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224222000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    271772750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 457928862750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31116.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30176.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  81933952.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              28145880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14959890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53407200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14167080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1539058560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3746942880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4334359200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9731040690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.915843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11228966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    651040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7624366500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30730560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16326090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60997020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12966480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1539058560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4086358500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4048535520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9794972730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.193674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10482871250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    651040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8370461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1688167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1688167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1776428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1776428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26538.499025                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26538.499025                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26761.091276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26761.091276                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1560945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1643668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24538.530466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24538.530466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24761.121405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24761.121405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1127643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21687.944763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21687.944763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1023657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19687.983229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19687.983229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    560524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48246.169737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48246.169737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46246.169737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46246.169737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.031715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.031715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1293812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1925414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1293812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1925414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45321.613088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22687.709331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27132.646590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45321.613088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22687.709331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27132.646590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1783490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1783490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43321.613088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20687.744402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25132.674774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43321.613088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20687.744402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25132.674774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1293812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1925414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45321.613088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22687.709331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27132.646590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1783490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43321.613088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20687.744402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25132.674774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.340220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.352333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    64.050299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   342.937588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.125098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.669800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19504373000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23147723000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113270                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232948                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              436981156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023148                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23147723000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23147712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23147712                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        58639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           65382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6743                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        58639                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          65382                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17048                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1093565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1093565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64527.197232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63866.028708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64146.234162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64527.197232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63866.028708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64146.234162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6388                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6388                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62527.197232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61866.028708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62146.234162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62527.197232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61866.028708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62146.234162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17959                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        58639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          65382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466209000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    627356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1093565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64527.197232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63866.028708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64146.234162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1059469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.517254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.143481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62527.197232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61866.028708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62146.234162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1920.679802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              74614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.154686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.191195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.237263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1542.251344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.060152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.124628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.753052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           114983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          114983                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    828689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    828689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38845.403834                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38845.403834                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38845.403834                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38845.403834                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    786023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    786023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36845.403834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36845.403834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36845.403834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36845.403834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38845.403834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38845.403834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36845.403834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36845.403834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.309687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.309687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        40484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1499904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1499904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1499904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            48988000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          462400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          628672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1091072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       462400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         462400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       408832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           408832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19976047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27159129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47135176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19976047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19976047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17661867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17661867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17661867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19976047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27159129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64797043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5971.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9628.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           341                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           341                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                45907                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5623                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17048                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6388                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6388                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    417                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     210335750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                526329500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12480.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31230.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4765                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6388                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.248110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.870722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    198.588058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4764     52.96%     52.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2801     31.14%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          595      6.61%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          231      2.57%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      1.49%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          102      1.13%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.91%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      0.69%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          225      2.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       49.416422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      35.359961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      96.872033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             300     87.98%     87.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            27      7.92%     95.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      2.05%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.59%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.29%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.29%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.29%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.460411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.436212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.905401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     26.98%     26.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.47%     28.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               239     70.09%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1078592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   381056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1091072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                408832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23143225000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      987507.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       462400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       616192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       381056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19976046.888067565858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26619983.313261527568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16461921.546235887334                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7225                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9823                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6388                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224950250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    301379250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 544574477000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31134.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30680.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  85249605.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              28988400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15403905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54371100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14736060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1826710080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4025150190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5499125760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11464485495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.274870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14254121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    772720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8120881750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35250180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18735915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65959320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            16343820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1826710080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5134202610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4565186880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11662388805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.824450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11815443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    772720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10559559250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1968894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1968894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2057155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2057155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26045.294001                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26045.294001                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26251.276096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26251.276096                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1817706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1817706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1900429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1900429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24045.320458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24045.320458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24251.301618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.301618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1349841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1349841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21411.773104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21411.773104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1223759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19411.804829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19411.804829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    619053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49315.143790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49315.143790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593947000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47315.143790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47315.143790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.341515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.341515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1497716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1497716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45342.425544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21876.283540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25852.640390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45342.425544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21876.283540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25852.640390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1360792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1360792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43342.425544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19876.312753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.664653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43342.425544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19876.312753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.664653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1497716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2131059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45342.425544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21876.283540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25852.640390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1360792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43342.425544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19876.312753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.664653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.758858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.670799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    54.863899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   353.224160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.107156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.689891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23147723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26778014000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117606                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241251                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449891233                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26778014000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26778014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26778014                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        69448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           76206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6758                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        69448                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          76206                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17727                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1138858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1138858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64526.890640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64049.456832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64244.260168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64526.890640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64049.456832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64244.260168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7052                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7052                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62526.890640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62049.456832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62244.260168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62526.890640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62049.456832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62244.260168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 18681                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        69448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          76206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1138858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64526.890640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64049.456832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64244.260168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.516975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.131270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62526.890640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62049.456832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62244.260168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1937.940581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.181823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   108.970357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.927304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1607.042920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.053208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.784689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           128143                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          128143                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    829701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    829701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38841.861336                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38841.861336                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38841.861336                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38841.861336                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    786979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    786979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36841.861336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36841.861336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36841.861336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36841.861336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38841.861336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38841.861336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36841.861336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36841.861336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.403273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.403273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        42506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        42506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1585856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            52987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95528250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          462912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          671616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1134528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       462912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         462912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       451328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           451328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17287018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25080874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42367892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17287018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17287018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16854424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16854424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16854424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17287018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25080874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59222316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6612.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7233.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10293.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004376264500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           376                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           376                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48851                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6218                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17727                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17727                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    440                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     220365750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    87630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                548978250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12573.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31323.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9216                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5317                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17727                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.119348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    110.874628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    199.637910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5120     53.46%     53.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2982     31.14%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          598      6.24%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          237      2.47%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      1.40%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          105      1.10%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      0.89%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           68      0.71%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          248      2.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       46.577128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.329413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      92.671200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             335     89.10%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            27      7.18%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      1.86%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.53%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.27%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.27%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.27%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.510638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.487938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.876291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     24.47%     24.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.33%     25.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               274     72.87%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1121664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   421376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1134528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                451328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26776813000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1080625.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       462912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       658752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       421376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17287017.625728331506                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24600480.080412238836                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15735894.379620535299                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7233                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10494                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7052                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    225196500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    323781750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 628319615750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31134.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30853.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  89098073.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              32993940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              17536695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59054940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17972460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2113746960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5112251340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5977704000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13331260335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.843505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15486909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    894140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10396964750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35385840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18808020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66080700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            16396020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2113746960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5223210960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5884264320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13357892820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.838070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15243879250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    894140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10639994750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2238178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2238178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2326439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25553.185902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25553.185902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25746.906749                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25746.906749                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2063000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2063000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2145723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2145723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23553.185902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23553.185902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23746.906749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23746.906749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1561105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1561105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21071.524984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21071.524984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1412933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1412933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19071.524984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19071.524984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    677073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    677073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50142.412797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50142.412797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    650067000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    650067000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48142.412797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48142.412797                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     88261000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82723000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29874.684001                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.566355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.566355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2324533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2324533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45324.851690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21145.242801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.713083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45324.851690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21145.242801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.713083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1530509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2136667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1530509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2136667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43324.851690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19145.242801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.713083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43324.851690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19145.242801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.713083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    634140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2324533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45324.851690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21145.242801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.713083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1530509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2136667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43324.851690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19145.242801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.713083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.062689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.322034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.093816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   365.646839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.093933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.714154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26778014000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
