
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4125524000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90898                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   172515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              374984031                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004126                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4125524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4125513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4125513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5047                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6563                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6376                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    402388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    402388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63341.300191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62667.883212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63109.786700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63341.300191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62667.883212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63109.786700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          882                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              882                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61341.300191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60667.883212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61109.786700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61341.300191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60667.883212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61109.786700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5179                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63341.300191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62667.883212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63109.786700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.453255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61341.300191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60667.883212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61109.786700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1462.770105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.633134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.543757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   651.680399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   740.545949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.034445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.318203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.361595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.848145                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            22584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           22584                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    503542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    503542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36029.049800                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36029.049800                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36029.049800                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36029.049800                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    475590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34029.049800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34029.049800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34029.049800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34029.049800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    503542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36029.049800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36029.049800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34029.049800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34029.049800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.905605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.905605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       464512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       464512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  464512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34257250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          267776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          140288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              408064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       267776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         267776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        56448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            56448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           64907149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34004892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               98912041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      64907149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          64907149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13682626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13682626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13682626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          64907149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34004892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112594667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       709.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4184.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2101.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001662946500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14496                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 649                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6376                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         882                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       882                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      91                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    173                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      72663250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                190507000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11561.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30311.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      545                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   882                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     168.663385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    124.746232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.974192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1169     44.26%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          928     35.14%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          298     11.28%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      3.79%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      2.04%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.51%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.87%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.30%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      160.102564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      81.866531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     436.859233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             31     79.49%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     15.38%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.615385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.597654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.781880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     17.95%     17.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.56%     20.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                31     79.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  402240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    43968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   408064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 56448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         97.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      98.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4125337000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      568384.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       267776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       134464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        43968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 64907148.764617532492                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32593193.010148528963                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10657555.258435050026                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4184                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          882                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    125357000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     65150000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85869107500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29961.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29721.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  97357264.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5504940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2922150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1696500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      325144560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         880715550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         842546400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2070932280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.980422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2181355000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    137540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1806629000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13373220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7100445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32472720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1889640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      325144560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1339071360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         456562560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2175614505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         527.354708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1174016750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    137540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2813967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    280390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    280390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31768.638115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31768.638115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31768.638115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31768.638115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    262740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    262740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29768.864718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29768.864718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29768.864718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29768.864718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24056.093489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24056.093489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22056.427379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22056.427379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136294000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136294000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48058.533145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48058.533145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130622000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46058.533145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46058.533145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.911252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.911252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376655000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    557843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376655000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    557843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40803.271585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48850.903208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.969088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40803.271585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48850.903208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.969088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    531965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    531965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38803.271585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46851.442437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41110.123648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38803.271585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46851.442437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41110.123648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376655000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    557843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40803.271585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48850.903208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43109.969088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38803.271585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46851.442437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41110.123648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.398107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.250866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.870826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.276415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.320852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4125524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8029667000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99460                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34258588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   186638                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              399216251                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8029667000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8029656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8029656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11614                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3622                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15236                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9797                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    614685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    614685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.561876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62067.986231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62742.165969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.561876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62067.986231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62742.165969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1855                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1855                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.561876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60067.986231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60742.165969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.561876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60067.986231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60742.165969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9194                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    614685000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.561876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62067.986231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62742.165969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.352078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.561876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60067.986231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60742.165969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1700.278337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              19168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.084838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.407633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   662.369481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   958.501224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.323423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.468018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            40954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           40954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    887046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    887046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31014.509982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31014.509982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31014.509982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31014.509982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    829844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29014.509982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29014.509982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29014.509982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29014.509982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    887046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    887046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31014.509982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31014.509982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    829844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    829844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29014.509982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29014.509982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.896360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.896360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       745728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       745728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  745728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           52598750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          403904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          223104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              627008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       403904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         403904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       118720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           118720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           50301463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27784963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78086426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      50301463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          50301463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14785171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14785171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14785171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          50301463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27784963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              92871597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6311.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3254.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            70                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            70                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23021                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1169                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1855                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1855                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     110725250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                290069000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11576.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30326.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1003                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1855                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.488295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.608507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    170.481824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2066     48.85%     48.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1341     31.71%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          436     10.31%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          156      3.69%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           77      1.82%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      1.30%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.76%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.40%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           49      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           70                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      136.085714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.601063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     340.896378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             54     77.14%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11     15.71%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      2.86%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.43%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.43%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      1.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             70                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           70                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.685714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.666691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.808342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     17.14%     17.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.43%     18.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                54     77.14%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      4.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             70                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  612160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    79232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   627008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                118720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8027576000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      688944.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       403904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       208256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        79232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 50301463.310994088650                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25935820.252570871264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9867407.951039562002                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6311                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1855                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    187689000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102380000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 181309651000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29739.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29368.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  97741051.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9424800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5009400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             18721080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2469060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      633693840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1768764720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1593906240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4031989140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.136532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4125450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    268060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3636157000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20770260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11039655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             49573020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3993300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      633693840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2290551270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1154507040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4164128385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         518.592911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2978702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    268060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4782905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    490956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    490956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29135.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29135.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29135.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29135.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    457256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    457256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27135.244199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27135.244199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27135.244199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27135.244199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23740.998641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23740.998641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21741.168478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21741.168478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211382000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211382000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41651.625616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41651.625616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201232000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201232000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39651.625616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39651.625616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.357906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.357906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    920520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    920520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34517.099024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42453.368969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36770.791723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34517.099024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42453.368969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36770.791723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    870454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32517.099024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40453.650302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34770.871615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32517.099024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40453.650302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34770.871615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34517.099024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42453.368969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36770.791723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    582869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32517.099024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40453.650302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34770.871615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.039119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.637228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.098798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.303093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.484568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8029667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12058216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107258                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200281                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              431090312                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012058                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12058216000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12058205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12058205                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           26914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20865                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6049                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          26914                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    838789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    838789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62864.958217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62191.619479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62642.942494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62864.958217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62191.619479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62642.942494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2380                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2380                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    546263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    812009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    546263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    812009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60864.958217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60191.619479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60642.942494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60864.958217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60191.619479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60642.942494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13221                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          26914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    838789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62864.958217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62191.619479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62642.942494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    546263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.300771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60864.958217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60191.619479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60642.942494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1813.670657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              29246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.212087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    86.241814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   613.927384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1113.501459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.299769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.543702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.885581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            61840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           61840                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1388850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1388850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1388850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1388850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28841.241823                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28841.241823                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28841.241823                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28841.241823                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1292542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1292542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26841.283356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26841.283356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26841.283356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26841.283356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1388850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1388850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28841.241823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28841.241823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1292542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26841.283356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26841.283356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.599169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.599169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1009280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1009280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1009280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           71889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          574400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          282560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              856960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       574400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         574400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       152320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           152320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           47635571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23432985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               71068556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      47635571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          47635571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12632051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12632051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12632051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          47635571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23432985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              83700607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1598.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8975.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4116.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                31623                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1484                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     299                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     149488500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                394944750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11419.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30169.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7528                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1270                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     159.989086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.785853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.125259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2984     50.89%     50.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1775     30.27%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          553      9.43%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          232      3.96%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      2.13%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      1.13%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      0.84%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.38%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           58      0.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.550562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.352612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     306.720224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             61     68.54%     68.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20     22.47%     91.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      3.37%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      2.25%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.12%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      1.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.662921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.643678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.811057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     17.98%     17.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.12%     19.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                69     77.53%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      3.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  837824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    19136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   100608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   856960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                152320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         69.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      71.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12056630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      764529.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       574400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       263424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       100608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 47635570.634992770851                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21846017.686198357493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8343522.789772549644                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8975                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2380                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    264712000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    130232750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 282226648500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29494.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29497.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 118582625.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10909920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5798760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20320440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2719620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      951462720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2116417410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2848108800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5955737670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.915325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7382216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    402480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4273519500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30966180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16455120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             73149300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5486220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      951462720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3527805240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1659571680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6264896460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.554175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4279869000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    402480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7375867000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    664217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    664217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27977.633630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27977.633630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27977.633630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27977.633630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25977.633630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25977.633630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25977.633630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25977.633630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    397412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23507.157222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23507.157222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21507.157222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21507.157222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266805000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    266805000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39035.113387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39035.113387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253135000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253135000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37035.113387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37035.113387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.574699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.574699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1335961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1335961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31305.351697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38396.215596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33146.284580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31305.351697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38396.215596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33146.284580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29305.418719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36396.215596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31146.334202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29305.418719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36396.215596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31146.334202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    934183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1335961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31305.351697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38396.215596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33146.284580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29305.418719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36396.215596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31146.334202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.030600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.747696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.453205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   180.829698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12058216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16072080000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117598                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219548                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              472487285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016072                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16072080000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16072069                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16072069                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           38557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28722                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9835                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          38557                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17365                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1085513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1085513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.598587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62051.598332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62511.546214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.598587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62051.598332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62511.546214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3254                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3254                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.598587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60051.598332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.546214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.598587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60051.598332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.546214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17631                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          38557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1085513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62739.598587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62051.598332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62511.546214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.287843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.369187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60739.598587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60051.598332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.546214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1870.444209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              42127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.389371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.203843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   573.741153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1201.499213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.280147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.586670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            84371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           84371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1827634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1827634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1827634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1827634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28557.673677                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28557.673677                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28557.673677                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28557.673677                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1699638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1699638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26557.673677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26557.673677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26557.673677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26557.673677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1827634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1827634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28557.673677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28557.673677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1699638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1699638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26557.673677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26557.673677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.949014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.949014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1319616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1319616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1319616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           93185750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          742976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          368384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       742976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         742976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       208256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           208256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           46227744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22920742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69148486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      46227744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          46227744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        12957626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              12957626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        12957626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          46227744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22920742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82106112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11609.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5343.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           133                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           133                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41236                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2213                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17365                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3254                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17365                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3254                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     192361000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                510211000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11347.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30097.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9766                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1900                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17365                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3254                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.905062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.297772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.883126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3867     50.71%     50.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2314     30.34%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          710      9.31%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          284      3.72%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          183      2.40%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      1.13%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           58      0.76%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           38      0.50%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           86      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      126.383459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.698970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     253.229107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             97     72.93%     72.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           28     21.05%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      2.26%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.50%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.75%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.593985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.573026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.844210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     21.05%     21.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.75%     21.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101     75.94%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      2.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1084928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    26432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   149760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1111360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                208256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         67.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      12.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16068328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      779297.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       742976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       341952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       149760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 46227744.013220444322                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21276150.940015234053                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9318022.309495722875                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11609                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5756                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3254                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    340984750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    169226250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 375039868250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29372.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29399.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 115255030.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12901980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6857565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23055060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3199860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1268616960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2555364720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4019792640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7889788785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.900293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10423169250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    536640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5112270750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41547660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22083105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             97982220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9014940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1268616960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4728765600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2189560320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8357570805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         520.005550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5646000500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    536640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9889439500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    921186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    921186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26955.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26955.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26955.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26955.755838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    852840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    852840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    852840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24955.814362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24955.814362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24955.814362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24955.814362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    589821000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23190.257136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23190.257136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21190.257136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21190.257136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331365000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37913.615561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37913.615561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35913.844394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35913.844394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.180397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.180397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1229429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1777769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1229429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1777769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30483.474251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35168.034890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31789.585680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30483.474251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35168.034890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31789.585680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28483.474251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33168.163161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29789.621444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28483.474251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33168.163161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29789.621444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1229429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1777769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30483.474251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35168.034890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31789.585680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28483.474251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33168.163161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29789.621444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.021923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.731209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.746707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.544008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16072080000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20081982000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479277198                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020082                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20081982000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20081971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20081971                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9274061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9274061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390929     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185586     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669209      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34954                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14599                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49553                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1342885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1342885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62624.972634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62627.260982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.798629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62624.972634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62627.260982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.798629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4294                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4294                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1299999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1299999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60624.972634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.260982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.798629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60624.972634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.260982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.798629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22153                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1342885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62624.972634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62627.260982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62625.798629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1299999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60624.972634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60627.260982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60625.798629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1905.564368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              60000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            22153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.708437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.379357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   553.599482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1255.585529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.047060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.270312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.613079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          542                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           106288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          106288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2184258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2184258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28308.898624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28308.898624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28308.898624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28308.898624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2029942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2029942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2029942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2029942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26308.898624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26308.898624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26308.898624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26308.898624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2184258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2184258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28308.898624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28308.898624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2029942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2029942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26308.898624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26308.898624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.158872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6316385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 76902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.135510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.158872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558769                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4294                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        47180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        47180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  47180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1647168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1647168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1647168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42913000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          115165500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          876992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          495360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1372352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       876992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         876992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       274816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           274816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43670590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24666888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68337478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43670590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43670590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13684705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13684705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13684705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43670590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24666888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82022183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3290.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13703.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           185                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           185                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51294                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3079                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21443                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4294                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4294                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     491                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     239346250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   104760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                632196250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11423.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30173.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2623                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21443                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4294                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.730730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.047897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.841269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5208     52.68%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2912     29.46%     82.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          868      8.78%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          340      3.44%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          235      2.38%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          105      1.06%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.68%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.46%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          106      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      112.740541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.209935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     216.693853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            141     76.22%     76.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           36     19.46%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.62%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      1.08%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.610811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.590628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.827445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.08%     21.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               142     76.76%     97.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1340928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    31424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   208512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1372352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                274816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20080615000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      780223.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       876992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       463936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       208512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43670589.885002382100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23102102.172982726246                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10383038.885305244476                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13703                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7740                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4294                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    400916500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    231279750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 474217498000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29257.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29881.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 110437237.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19242300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10227525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32501280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6608520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1585156560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3608209440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4672989120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9934934745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.718835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12109232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    670540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7302210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              51343740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27289845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            117096000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10398240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1585156560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5906241960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2737803840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10435330185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.636467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7059290500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    670540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12352151500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1269274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1269274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26816.403279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26816.403279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26816.403279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26816.403279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1174612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1174612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1174612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24816.445534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24816.445534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24816.445534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24816.445534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    864534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23681.321390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23681.321390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    791522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    791522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21681.376174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21681.376174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404740000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    404740000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37389.376443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37389.376443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35389.376443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35389.376443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.543729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1846835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.231758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.543729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921917                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1463285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2222947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1463285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2222947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30073.473498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34004.565801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31310.435652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30073.473498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34004.565801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31310.435652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28073.473498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32004.655327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29310.463822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28073.473498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32004.655327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29310.463822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1463285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2222947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30073.473498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34004.565801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31310.435652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1365971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2080955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28073.473498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32004.655327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29310.463822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.616576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 139469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.956366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.316701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.343509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.492806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.367858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20081982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24122328000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485524354                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024122                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24122328000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1355238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           183                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24122317                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24122317                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6788510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3706074                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1006313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               161946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      220166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11130287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11130287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21974835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8973129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34186      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8861653     78.89%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      997      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     389      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36256      0.32%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      770      0.01%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19868      0.18%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20720      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438270     12.80%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797747      7.10%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19916      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1770      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11233479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42025                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19453                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25437                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1594761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1594761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62658.084514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.387787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.539450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62658.084514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.387787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.539450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5760                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5760                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1543887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1543887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60658.084514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.387787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.539450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60658.084514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.387787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.539450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27130                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1594761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62658.084514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62754.387787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.539450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    958883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1543887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.273339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60658.084514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60754.387787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.539450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1929.421486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              79004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.912053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.929111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   541.281972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1292.210404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.264298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.630962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           129694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          129694                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2564963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2564963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28022.582266                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28022.582266                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28022.582266                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28022.582266                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26022.604117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26022.604117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26022.604117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26022.604117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      91275                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2564963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28022.582266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28022.582266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26022.604117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26022.604117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.299756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7496801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 91275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.134221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.299756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7859834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7859834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        56634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        56634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1996608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1996608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1996608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            54237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          136653750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1011712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          616256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1627968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1011712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1011712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       368640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           368640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41940894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25547120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67488014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41940894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41940894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15282107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15282107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15282107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41940894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25547120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82770121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4263.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15808.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9011.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           240                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                61513                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4001                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25437                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5760                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25437                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     618                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     286658250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   124095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                752014500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11549.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30299.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25437                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.516869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.526446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.249938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6469     53.76%     53.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3460     28.75%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1026      8.53%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          413      3.43%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          285      2.37%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          120      1.00%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      0.71%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      0.44%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          123      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.337500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      67.877963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     192.522538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            188     78.33%     78.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           44     18.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.25%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.83%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.645833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.625571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.830627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                45     18.75%     18.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.67%     20.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               183     76.25%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.92%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1588416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    39552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   271040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1627968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                368640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24121156000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      773188.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1011712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       576704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       271040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41940893.930303908885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23907476.923454485834                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11236063.119612667710                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15808                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9629                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5760                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    463024750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    288989750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 571983791000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29290.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30012.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  99302741.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24468780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13005465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39884040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9108900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1904154720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4540786440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5439154080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11970562425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.244078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14091626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    805480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9225221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              61453980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              32663565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            137323620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12997800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1904154720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7069781250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3309474240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12527849175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.346606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8533768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    805480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14783079250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1610678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1610678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1610678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1610678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26595.961097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26595.961097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26595.961097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26595.961097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1489556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1489556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24595.961097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24595.961097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24595.961097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24595.961097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60305                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1133018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1133018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23990.387059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23990.387059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1038562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21990.387059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21990.387059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35825.395635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35825.395635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450994000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450994000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33825.395635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33825.395635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.787646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2237261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.099096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.787646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2319843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2319843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         57834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            86916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1710712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2673782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1710712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2673782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          152093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         152093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.571466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.693606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33115.672925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30762.828478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.693606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33115.672925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30762.828478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.728188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31115.672925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28762.851489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.728188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31115.672925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28762.851489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     98083                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1710712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2673782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         152093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.693606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33115.672925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30762.828478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2499952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.728188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31115.672925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28762.851489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.015785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                98083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.867683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.988805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   193.159297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.377264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               152093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              152092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  325185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5219904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5857984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           457655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           302805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24122328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28086573000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123372                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              495010863                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028087                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28086573000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699826                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9063726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28086573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28086573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7919169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4334652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1175418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               181441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12956928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12956928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25602448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10447881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629626                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38706      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10315792     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1174      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       924      0.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     429      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    40204      0.31%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      820      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22518      0.17%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23357      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 226      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676055     12.82%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929265      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22382      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1924      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13073792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        50094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        50094                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22151                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72245                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         28955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        28955                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    674001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1816616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    674001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1816616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       101200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62650.235771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62890.827657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62739.285098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62650.235771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62890.827657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62739.285098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6701                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6701                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        28955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        28955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1758706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1758706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60650.235771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60890.827657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60739.285098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60650.235771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60890.827657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60739.285098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31389                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        50094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        28955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1142615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    674001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1816616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62650.235771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62890.827657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62739.285098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1106139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1758706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.266903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.326062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60650.235771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60890.827657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60739.285098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1946.158106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             116461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            33437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.482998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.664865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   533.957533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1316.535707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.642840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           149898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          149898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3008107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3008107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3008107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3008107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27742.386793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27742.386793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27742.386793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27742.386793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25742.386793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25742.386793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25742.386793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25742.386793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     108174                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3008107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3008107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27742.386793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27742.386793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2791247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25742.386793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25742.386793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.398591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9063726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                108430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.590575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.398591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9172156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9172156                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               28955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        64611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        64611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  64611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            62460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          155553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1167232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          685888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1853120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1167232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1167232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       428864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           428864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            18238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                28955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41558363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24420494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65978858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41558363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41558363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15269360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15269360                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15269360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41558363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24420494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              81248218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4916.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     18238.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10042.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002862585750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                70380                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4627                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        28955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6701                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      28955                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6701                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     675                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     326783750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   141400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                857033750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11555.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30305.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  28955                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6701                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    28244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.878319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.581331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.204284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7391     53.92%     53.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3899     28.44%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1138      8.30%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          508      3.71%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          344      2.51%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          136      0.99%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          100      0.73%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      0.45%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          130      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      101.521583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.676557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     179.531192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            221     79.50%     79.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           49     17.63%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.08%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.72%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.615108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.594101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.845068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                56     20.14%     20.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      1.44%     21.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               210     75.54%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.52%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1809920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    43200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   313408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1853120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                428864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28085587000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      787681.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1167232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       642688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       313408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41558363.136720165610                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22882392.949826952070                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11158641.533091275021                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        18238                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10717                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6701                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    534074000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    322959750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 667838770250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29283.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30135.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  99662553.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25675440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13646820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41112120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9228960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2217006480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4863281040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6689849760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13859800620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.467132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17339727500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    937820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9809025500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              72206820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              38375040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            160807080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            16333380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2217006480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8267798130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3822888000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14595414930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.658092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9857152500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    937820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17291600500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1810845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1810845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1810845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1810845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26479.374735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26479.374735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26479.374735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26479.374735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1674071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1674071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24479.374735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24479.374735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24479.374735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24479.374735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1278160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1278160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24040.024075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24040.024075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22040.024075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22040.024075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532685000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    532685000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35001.314147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35001.314147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33001.314147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33001.314147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.958762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.477883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.958762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2699774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2699774                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         68332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            101200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           101200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1994455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1079851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3074306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1994455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1079851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3074306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29187.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32854.174273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30378.517787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29187.715858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32854.174273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30378.517787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2871906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2871906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27187.715858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30854.174273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28378.517787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27187.715858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30854.174273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28378.517787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           101200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1994455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1079851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3074306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29187.715858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32854.174273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30378.517787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1857791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2871906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27187.715858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30854.174273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28378.517787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.295845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               114316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.754120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.577196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.128493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   192.590156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.490485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               314840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              314840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       216860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  377341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5894016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6939520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           542150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            295352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28086573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
