
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4486503000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 257330                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1333844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   486776                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1154314788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004487                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4486503000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4486492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4486492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    752449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    752449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54187.599021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54187.599021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54187.599021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54187.599021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    724677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    724677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52187.599021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52187.599021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52187.599021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52187.599021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54187.599021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54187.599021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    724677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52187.599021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52187.599021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.125017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.125017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        30495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1067008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1067008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1067008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            28068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           73832750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          596864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          287808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              884672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       596864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         596864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       182336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           182336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          133035462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64149740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              197185202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     133035462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         133035462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        40641007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              40641007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        40641007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         133035462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64149740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             237826209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9326.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3958.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000834138500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30529                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1647                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13823                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13823                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1086                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     125082000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                374157000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9415.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28165.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13823                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.970062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.811544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.991737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1825     37.94%     37.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1746     36.30%     74.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          562     11.68%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          232      4.82%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      2.83%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          102      2.12%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           90      1.87%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.96%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           71      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      132.460000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      95.166416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     128.936945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31               7      7.00%      7.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             29     29.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             12     12.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15     15.00%     63.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           10     10.00%     73.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           13     13.00%     86.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      2.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      3.00%     91.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      1.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      1.00%     93.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      1.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      1.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      1.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      1.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      1.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.450000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.426078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     27.00%     27.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      2.00%     29.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     70.00%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  850176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    34496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   111680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   884672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                182336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        189.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     197.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      40.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4484781000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      269000.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       596864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       253312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       111680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 133035462.140558019280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56460900.616805560887                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24892438.498313717544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2849                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    251548750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    122608250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105718872750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26972.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27264.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37107361.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18792480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9988440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46367160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5501880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      354032640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1756917840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         243307680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2434908120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         542.718487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    616822500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    149760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3719920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15550920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8265510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             48480600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3607020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      354032640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1643768280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         338591520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2412296490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         537.678564                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    865253750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    149760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3471489250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    394360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    394360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43479.603087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43479.603087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43479.603087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43479.603087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41479.823594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41479.823594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41479.823594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41479.823594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40741.086720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40741.086720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38741.398101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38741.398101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50124.669437                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50124.669437                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48124.669437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48124.669437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.060329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.060329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.965079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    926443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    926443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67313.424834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66402.401067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67016.999421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67313.424834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66402.401067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67016.999421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    898797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    898797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65313.424834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.845709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65017.144097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65313.424834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.845709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65017.144097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298678000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    926443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67313.424834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66402.401067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67016.999421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65313.424834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64402.845709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65017.144097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.635732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.846466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   237.948809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   195.840457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.464744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.382501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4486503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9052432000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 224615                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1335376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   420489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1016548134                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009052                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9052432000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9052421                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9052421                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55303.340013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55303.340013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55303.340013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55303.340013                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53303.406814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53303.406814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53303.406814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53303.406814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1655782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55303.340013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55303.340013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1595904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53303.406814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53303.406814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.079508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.079508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        63867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2210048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2210048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2210048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            55320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          156504250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1328704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          548736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1877440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1328704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1328704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       332608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            20761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                29335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          146778678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60617522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              207396200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     146778678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         146778678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        36742391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              36742391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        36742391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         146778678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60617522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244138592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3066.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     20761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7238.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000991062750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           175                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           175                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                63435                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2862                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        29335                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      29335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     262146750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                787128000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9362.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28112.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18653                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  29335                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5197                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.367622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.008030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    208.790158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3724     37.97%     37.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3551     36.20%     74.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1101     11.22%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          481      4.90%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          279      2.84%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          211      2.15%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          202      2.06%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           92      0.94%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      1.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      159.377143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     115.749704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     135.583098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31               9      5.14%      5.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             37     21.14%     26.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             25     14.29%     40.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            26     14.86%     55.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           15      8.57%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           18     10.29%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      4.00%     78.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            7      4.00%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.71%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      1.14%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      3.43%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      1.71%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.71%     94.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.14%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      1.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      1.14%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.57%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.337143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.310609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.950223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                57     32.57%     32.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      2.29%     34.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               112     64.00%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1791936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    85504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   194176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1877440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        197.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     207.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      36.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9051814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      262128.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1328704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       463232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       194176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 146778677.818292379379                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51172104.910591989756                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21450147.319526951760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5197                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    555574000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    231554000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 217153760000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26760.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27006.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  41784444.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34864620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18519600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             91827540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6076080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3280228020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         713836800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4859564340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         536.824175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1825849250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    302120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6924462750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35221620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18705555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            108085320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9761400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3417343800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         598370880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4901700255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.478826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1524024500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    302120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7226287500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    748206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    748206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42992.932253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42992.932253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42992.932253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42992.932253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    713400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    713400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40992.932253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40992.932253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40992.932253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40992.932253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    530871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41880.009467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41880.009467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    505519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39880.009467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39880.009467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217335000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    217335000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45977.364079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45977.364079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207881000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207881000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43977.364079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43977.364079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.569383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.569383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1392915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1957058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1392915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1957058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67089.634910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65796.944250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66711.821653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67089.634910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65796.944250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66711.821653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1351393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1351393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65089.731240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63796.944250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64711.889828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65089.731240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63796.944250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64711.889828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1392915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1957058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67089.634910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65796.944250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66711.821653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1351393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65089.731240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63796.944250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64711.889828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.367721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.837525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.961419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.568777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.474534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9052432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13863694000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 217834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1335904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   406097                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1006579112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13863694000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13863683                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13863683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2742354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2742354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2742354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2742354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54915.174817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54915.174817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54915.174817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54915.174817                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2642478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2642478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2642478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2642478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52915.174817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52915.174817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52915.174817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52915.174817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2742354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2742354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54915.174817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54915.174817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2642478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2642478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52915.174817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52915.174817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.745996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.745996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               47439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              47439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       102339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       102339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 102339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3513600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3513600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3513600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          252905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2202816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          833280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3036096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2202816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2202816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       477504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           477504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            34419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                47439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          158890985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60105193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              218996178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     158890985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         158890985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34442768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34442768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34442768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         158890985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60105193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             253438946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4264.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     34419.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10850.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001010602750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               101439                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4009                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        47439                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7461                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      47439                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7461                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     411379250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   226345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1260173000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9087.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27837.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     30643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3576                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  47439                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7461                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.147657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.530466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    215.593157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5831     38.11%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5425     35.46%     73.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1677     10.96%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          745      4.87%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          484      3.16%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          361      2.36%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          328      2.14%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          168      1.10%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          280      1.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      184.738776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.152296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     149.623123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              50     20.41%     20.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            65     26.53%     46.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           44     17.96%     64.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           28     11.43%     76.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           13      5.31%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           20      8.16%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      3.67%     93.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.04%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.27%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.342857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.317125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.934757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                77     31.43%     31.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      3.67%     35.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               157     64.08%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2897216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   138880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   271936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3036096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                477504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        208.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     219.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13856250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      252390.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2202816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       694400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       271936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 158890985.331903606653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50087660.619168311357                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19614974.190861396492                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7461                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    914066250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    346106750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 334955233750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26557.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26582.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44894147.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              53657100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28519425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            147662340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7135740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1094059200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5060460000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1062218880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7453712685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.642614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2715679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    462800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10685214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55577760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29540280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            175558320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15044040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1094059200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5294706630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         864958560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7529444790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.105235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2200122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    462800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11200771500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1124978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1124978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43028.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43028.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43028.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43028.418436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1072690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1072690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1072690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1072690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41028.494932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41028.494932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41028.494932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41028.494932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    838337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    838337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43102.159383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43102.159383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41102.262211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41102.262211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286641000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42814.189694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42814.189694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40814.189694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40814.189694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.106986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.106986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2302100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3151815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2302100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3151815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66884.569569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65257.276707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66437.921585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66884.569569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65257.276707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66437.921585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3056937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3056937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64884.569569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.430305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64437.963744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64884.569569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.430305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64437.963744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2302100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3151815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66884.569569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65257.276707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66437.921585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    823675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3056937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64884.569569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63257.430305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64437.963744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.322349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    62.822439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.747316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.752594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.122700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.386236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13863694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18579353000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 209747                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1336572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   391171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              974020325                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18579353000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18579342                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18579342                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3643736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3643736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3643736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3643736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55125.433063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55125.433063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55125.433063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55125.433063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3511538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3511538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3511538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3511538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53125.433063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53125.433063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53125.433063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53125.433063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3643736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3643736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55125.433063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55125.433063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3511538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3511538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53125.433063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53125.433063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.064277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.064277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               64511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              64511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       138836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       138836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 138836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4756800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4756800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4756800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           113581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          343914250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2931072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1197632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4128704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2931072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2931072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       628096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           628096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            45798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                64511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          157759638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64460372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              222220009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     157759638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         157759638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        33806129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              33806129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        33806129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         157759638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64460372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             256026138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5726.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     45798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001010602750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           329                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           329                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               137560                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5372                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        64511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9814                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      64511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9814                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2941                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              7338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     563703750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   307850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1718141250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9155.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27905.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     41603                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4795                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  64511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9814                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    61537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        20868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.297872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.393408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    216.419581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8092     38.78%     38.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7307     35.02%     73.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2254     10.80%     84.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          979      4.69%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          670      3.21%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          492      2.36%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          449      2.15%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          240      1.15%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          385      1.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         20868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      186.601824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     144.897709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     134.951265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              53     16.11%     16.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            83     25.23%     41.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           63     19.15%     60.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           52     15.81%     76.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           28      8.51%     84.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           25      7.60%     92.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      2.74%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      1.52%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      2.43%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.30%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.313070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.287304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.935013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               106     32.22%     32.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      4.86%     37.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               205     62.31%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3940480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   188224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   364544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4128704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                628096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     222.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      33.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18575385000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      249921.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2931072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1009408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       364544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 157759637.808700889349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54329556.039976201952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19620920.061102233827                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9814                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1216149250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    501992000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 449646263750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26554.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26825.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45816819.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              73856160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              39255480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            202633200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11755440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6906452310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1318512000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10018995630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         539.254280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3365708250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14593284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              75141360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              39938580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            236976600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17977680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7087027740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1166448480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10090041480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.078194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2967683750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14991309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1621005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1621005000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1621005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1621005000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43309.955114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43309.955114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43309.955114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43309.955114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1546151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1546151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41310.008550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41310.008550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41310.008550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41310.008550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1261064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1261064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43504.467520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43504.467520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41504.467520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41504.467520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42641.985547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42641.985547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343061000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343061000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40642.222485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40642.222485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.841267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.841267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3063045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4290616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3063045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4290616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.632386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65596.398418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66508.804563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.632386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65596.398418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66508.804563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2971449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4161594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2971449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4161594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64881.632386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63596.505290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64508.835565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64881.632386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63596.505290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64508.835565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3063045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4290616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66881.632386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65596.398418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66508.804563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2971449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4161594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64881.632386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63596.505290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64508.835565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.255780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.484076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.772081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   200.999624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.116180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.485883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.392577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18579353000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23270549000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 206496                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1337204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   386278                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              961035889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9353296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23270549000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9353296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204265                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670718                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481317                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23270549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23270549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5672553                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094082                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839193                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180970                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268018                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18288173                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7468938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203255                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873664                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670409                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28279      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7384501     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186802     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668830      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9353350                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6401926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6401926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6401926                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6401926                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4388800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4388800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4388800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4388800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55280.825282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55280.825282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55280.825282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55280.825282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4230018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4230018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4230018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4230018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53280.825282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53280.825282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53280.825282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53280.825282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6401926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6401926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4388800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4388800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55280.825282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55280.825282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4230018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4230018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53280.825282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53280.825282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.252913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6481317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.637931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.252913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560708                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               81209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              81209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       175113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       175113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 175113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6009856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6009856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6009856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           144684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          433048750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3526336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1671040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5197376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3526336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3526336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       812480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           812480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            55099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            26110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                81209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          151536433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71809221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              223345655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     151536433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         151536433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34914518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34914518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34914518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         151536433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71809221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             258260173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7316.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     55099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22312.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001010602750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           422                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           422                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               173272                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6874                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        81209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12695                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      81209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12695                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3798                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5379                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              14694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              8986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     723522750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   387055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2174979000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9346.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28096.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6138                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  81209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12695                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    77364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.032664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.233171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.669572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10367     38.83%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9418     35.28%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2923     10.95%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1268      4.75%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          836      3.13%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          608      2.28%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          534      2.00%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          275      1.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          467      1.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      183.274882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     145.788267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     125.972871                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              61     14.45%     14.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           109     25.83%     40.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           87     20.62%     60.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           75     17.77%     78.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           34      8.06%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           29      6.87%     93.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      2.37%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      1.42%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      1.90%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.24%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.274882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.248134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               146     34.60%     34.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                17      4.03%     38.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               256     60.66%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4954304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   243072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   466560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5197376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                812480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        212.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     223.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23270168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      247808.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3526336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1427968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       466560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 151536433.455007851124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61363743.502570562065                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20049376.574656661600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12695                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1470178750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    704800250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 566473226000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26682.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26993.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44621758.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              94676400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              50306520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            260024520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15299820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1836544320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8746685910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1570260960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12573798450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         540.330976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4003799750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    776880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18489869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              95983020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              51004800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            292690020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            22753980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1836544320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8760246210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1558841760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12618064110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.233194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3972193250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    776880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18521475750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822736                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822736                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52193                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52193                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2268759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2268759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2268759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2268759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43468.645221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43468.645221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43468.645221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43468.645221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2164373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2164373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41468.645221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41468.645221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41468.645221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41468.645221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51937                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1824242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1824242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43845.647262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43845.647262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1741030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41845.647262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41845.647262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    444517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41987.059601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41987.059601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39987.059601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39987.059601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.276454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1874929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 52193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.922997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.276454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927122                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1720243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5412484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1720243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5412484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67011.034683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65884.450402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66648.819712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67011.034683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65884.450402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66648.819712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3582043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1668023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5250066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3582043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1668023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5250066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65011.034683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63884.450402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64648.819712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65011.034683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63884.450402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64648.819712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3692241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1720243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5412484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67011.034683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65884.450402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66648.819712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3582043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1668023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5250066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65011.034683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63884.450402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64648.819712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.808998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 148398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                92193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.609645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.946366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.073154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   203.789478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.484518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240591                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240591                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215654000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23270549000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
