
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3580000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   184620                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              374878997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3580000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3579989                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3579989                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8371                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    477451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    477451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56868.556040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57036.315852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56868.556040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57036.315852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    460709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    460709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54868.556040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55036.315852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54868.556040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55036.315852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   195                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56868.556040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57036.315852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54868.556040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55036.315852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1980.116685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.061538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.195133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   431.476139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1548.445413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.094510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.120857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.499146                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.237666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.237666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       535872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       535872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  535872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44208750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          499072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              535744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10243575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          139405587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149649162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10243575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10243575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           35754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 35754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           35754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10243575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         139405587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             149684916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17662                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8371                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8371                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      41898000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                198854250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       5005.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23755.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7351                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8371                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     525.768173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    367.926018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.548563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            89      8.74%      8.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          232     22.79%     31.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          219     21.51%     53.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           26      2.55%     55.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      5.40%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.26%     63.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      2.85%     66.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      1.67%     67.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          328     32.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  535744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   535744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        149.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3579886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427551.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       499072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10243575.418994413689                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 139405586.592178761959                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183958500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23590.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4541040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2413620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32665500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1180335480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         380753280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1882828680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.929799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    978338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2482322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2741760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1449690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27103440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         346626690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1082823840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1742865180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.833849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2810559250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    650100750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    570987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72950.939057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72950.939057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72972.492114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72972.492114                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70951.194583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70951.194583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70972.744479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70972.744479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73618.289474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73618.289474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544301000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544301000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71618.552632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71618.552632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.986824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.986824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    572912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    572912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67220.250919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66370.713624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67220.250919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66370.713624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65220.504372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64370.945320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65220.504372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64370.945320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    572912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67220.250919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66370.713624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65220.504372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64370.945320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              483.883677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.642248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.520496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.720933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3580000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19663559000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65498                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   123236                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              643957828                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019664                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19663559000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19663548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19663548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151228                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9236849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   9270839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9236849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   9270839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61311.267465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61303.720211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61311.267465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61303.720211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       134174                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           134174                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8935539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8935539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.267465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59303.720211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.267465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59303.720211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                134846                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9236849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9270839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61311.267465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61303.720211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8935539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8968383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.267465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59303.720211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13498.558724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             269314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           134846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.044380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    89.439055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 13409.075289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.818425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.823887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           452800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          452800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.768831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.768831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       134174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       436630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       436630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 436630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     18265728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     18265728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18265728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           822098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          795653250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9641920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9678592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      8587136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          8587136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        134174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              134174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1864973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          490344601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              492209574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1864973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1864973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       436703040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             436703040                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       436703040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1864973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         490344601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             928912614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    134174.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          8384                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          8384                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               432996                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              126211                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151228                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      134174                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    134174                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               8296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               8196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               8227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               8206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               8260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               8396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               8452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              8457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              8450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              8518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1405276750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   756140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4240801750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9292.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28042.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138509                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   124564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151228                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                134174                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    8384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    8384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    8384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    8384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    8384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     818.967534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    705.887433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    314.918438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           409      1.83%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1899      8.52%     10.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1549      6.95%     17.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          480      2.15%     19.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          735      3.30%     22.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          499      2.24%     24.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2446     10.97%     35.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          473      2.12%     38.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13810     61.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.036379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.058230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     115.016166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           8381     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           8384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.021843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8383     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           8384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9678592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  8585344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9678592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               8587136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        492.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        436.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     492.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     436.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19663495000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       68897.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9641920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      8585344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1864972.663392216899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 490344601.402014732361                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 436611907.335798144341                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150655                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       134174                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4225906000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 396825811750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28050.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2957546.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              80946180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              43023915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544460700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           353232180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1551966000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5025444900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3318853440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10917927315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.236583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8509975500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    656500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10497083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              78282960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41604585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535307220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           347009940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1551966000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4165758360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4042800000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10762729065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         547.343900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10400581750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    656500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8606477250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11792944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11792944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11800264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11800264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78262.748533                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78262.748533                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78260.428964                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78260.428964                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11491578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11491578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11498702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11498702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76262.761806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76262.761806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76260.442228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76260.442228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11781456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11781456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78304.472374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78304.472374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11480544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11480544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76304.485667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76304.485667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.359037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.359037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10895250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10937727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10895250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10937727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72274.590708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72201.460172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72274.590708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72201.460172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10593756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10634751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10593756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10634751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70274.603975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70201.473374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70274.603975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70201.473374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10895250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10937727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72274.590708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72201.460172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10593756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10634751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70274.603975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70201.473374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.881067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.220063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.833771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.827234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19663559000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35802384000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   117703                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              730974017                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035802                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35802384000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35802373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35802373                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        294086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       294086                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18085452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18119442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18085452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18119442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61617.209459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61612.732330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61617.209459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61612.732330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       277032                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           277032                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       294086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       294086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17498426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17498426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59617.209459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59612.732330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59617.209459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59612.732330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                277704                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       294086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18085452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18119442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61617.209459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61612.732330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17498426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59617.209459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59612.732330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14799.243947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             555030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           277704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.024375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.122151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14750.097421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           881374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          881374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.323812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.323812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       277032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       865204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       865204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 865204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     36551552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     36551552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                36551552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1679246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1547043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18784832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18821504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     17730048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         17730048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        277032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              277032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1024289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524681038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525705327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1024289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1024289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       495219760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             495219760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       495219760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1024289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524681038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1020925087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    277032.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17313                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17313                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               856469                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              260623                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294086                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      277032                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294086                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    277032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              17256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              17156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              17187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              17166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              17220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              17356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              17408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              17408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              17408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              17412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             17408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             17408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             17283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             17289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             17282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             17363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2823878500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1470430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8337991000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9602.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28352.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    269567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   257223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294086                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                277032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        44304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     824.959191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    715.655457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    310.329174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           728      1.64%      1.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3675      8.29%      9.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2963      6.69%     16.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          938      2.12%     18.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1394      3.15%     21.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          976      2.20%     24.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5017     11.32%     35.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          931      2.10%     37.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        27682     62.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         44304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.986138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.028172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.042400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          17310     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17312     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18821504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 17728640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18821504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              17730048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        495.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     495.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35802320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62688.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18784832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     17728640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1024289.332241115626                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524681038.000151038170                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 495180432.677332341671                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       277032                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8323095250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 796610322500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28356.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2875517.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             159243420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              84632295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1052778720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           724812660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2826114720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8867051670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6281124960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19995758445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.503547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16103194250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1195480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18503709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             157101420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              83501385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1046995320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           721179540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2826114720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8030528790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6985565280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19850986455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.459906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17942340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1195480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16664563250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23070133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23070133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23077453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23077453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78592.272997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78592.272997                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78590.971938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78590.971938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22483051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22483051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22490175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22490175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76592.279810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76592.279810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76590.978749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76590.978749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23058645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23058645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78613.930416                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78613.930416                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22472017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22472017000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76613.937235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76613.937235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.098742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.098742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21315291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21357768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21315291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21357768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72598.281370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72559.829045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72598.281370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72559.829045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20728081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20769076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20728081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20769076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70598.288182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70559.835840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70598.288182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70559.835840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21315291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21357768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72598.281370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72559.829045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20728081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20769076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70598.288182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70559.835840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.188555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.063888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.851727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.272941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35802384000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51940639000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65448                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   127019                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              849848599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51940639000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51940628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51940628                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26933536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26967526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26933536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26967526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.786557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61718.636069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.786557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61718.636069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       419889                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           419889                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26060796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26093640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26060796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26093640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.786557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59718.636069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.786557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59718.636069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                420561                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26933536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26967526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61721.786557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61718.636069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26060796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26093640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59721.786557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59718.636069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15291.636759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             840744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           420561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.016801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    33.859617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15257.760341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.931260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1309945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1309945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.533907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.533907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       419889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1293775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1293775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1293775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     54837248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     54837248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                54837248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2536388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2298428750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27927680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27964352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26872896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26872896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        419889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              419889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             706037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          537684567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              538390604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        706037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            706037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       517377077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             517377077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       517377077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            706037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         537684567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1055767681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    419889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         26241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         26241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1279938                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              395020                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436943                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      419889                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436943                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    419889                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              26316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              26368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              26368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              26243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             26240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4242012000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2184715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12434693250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9708.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28458.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    400626                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   389868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436943                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                419889                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   26242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   26241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   26241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        66305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     826.989458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    718.996467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    308.729177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1047      1.58%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5448      8.22%      9.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4378      6.60%     16.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1397      2.11%     18.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2051      3.09%     21.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1454      2.19%     23.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7588     11.44%     35.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1390      2.10%     37.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        41552     62.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         66305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.650623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.018581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      65.016416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          26238     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          26241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26240    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          26241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27964352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26870912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27964352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26872896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        538.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        517.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     538.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     517.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51940575000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60619.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27927680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26870912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 706036.750914828037                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 537684567.184473872185                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 517338879.870153367519                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436370                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       419889                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12419797500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1196346964250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28461.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2849198.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             237504960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             126233085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1560982500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1096309620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4099648800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12707900910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9243815520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29072395395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.723483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23697475250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1734200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26508963750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             235927020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             125394390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1558790520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1095349140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4099648800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11895269580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9928136640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28938516090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.145939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25483624250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1734200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24722814750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34346786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34346786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34354106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34354106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78705.006198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78705.006198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78704.105641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78704.105641                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33473990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33473990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33481114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33481114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76705.010781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76705.010781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76704.110223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76704.110223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34335298000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34335298000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78719.628954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78719.628954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33462956000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33462956000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76719.633539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76719.633539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.378768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.378768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31734802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31777279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31734802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31777279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72709.031464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72682.955783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72709.031464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72682.955783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30861878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30902873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30861878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30902873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70709.036047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70682.960357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70709.036047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70682.960357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31734802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31777279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72709.031464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72682.955783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30861878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30902873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70709.036047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70682.960357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.062087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.490509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.344267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.227311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51940639000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                68079378000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  75729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   147869                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1031112515                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.068079                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68079378000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713935                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         68079367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   68079367                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995090     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629326     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579800                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35782104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35816094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35782104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35816094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       580060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61775.614742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61773.187306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61775.614742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61773.187306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       562746                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           562746                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34623650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34656494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34623650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34656494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59775.614742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59773.187306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59775.614742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59773.187306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                563418                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35782104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35816094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61775.614742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61773.187306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34623650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34656494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59775.614742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59773.187306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15550.589848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1126458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           563418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.012818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.832935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15524.744095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.947555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1738516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1738516                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.644398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.644398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047437                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       562746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1722346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1722346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1722346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     73122944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     73122944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                73122944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3393530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3049812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37070528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37107200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     36015744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         36015744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        562746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              562746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             538665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          544519193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              545057859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        538665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            538665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       529025750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             529025750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       529025750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            538665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         544519193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1074083609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    562746.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579227.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35170                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35170                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1703406                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              529435                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579800                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      562746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    562746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              35176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              35076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              35107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              35086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              35031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              35148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              35204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             35200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             35209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             35202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             35283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5660632000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2899000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16531882000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9763.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28513.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    531685                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   522527                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                562746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        88308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.012502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    720.692489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    307.912286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1365      1.55%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7222      8.18%      9.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5794      6.56%     16.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1855      2.10%     18.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2708      3.07%     21.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1933      2.19%     23.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10159     11.50%     35.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1848      2.09%     37.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        55424     62.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         88308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.485442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.013862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      56.160433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          35167     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             35169    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37107200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 36014208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37107200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              36015744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        545.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        529.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     545.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     529.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    68079314000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59585.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37070528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36014208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 538665.320943443454                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 544519193.462666511536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 529003188.013850569725                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579227                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       562746                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16516986250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1596134637750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28515.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2836332.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             316302000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             168118500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072534940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1470463560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5373797520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16571783850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12187295040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         38160295410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.526499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31241137500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2273180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34565060500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             314231400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             167010360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2067237060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1466945280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5373797520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15737003460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12890268000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         38016493080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.414225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33076422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2273180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32729775500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45623923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45623923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45631243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45631243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78762.970086                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78762.970086                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78762.281783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78762.281783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44465413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44465413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44472537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44472537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76762.973538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76762.973538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76762.285235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76762.285235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45612435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45612435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78774.007865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78774.007865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44454379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44454379000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76774.011319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76774.011319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.526036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4730995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.526036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312397                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42154797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42197274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42154797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42197274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72765.996341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72746.269789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72765.996341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72746.269789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40996159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41037154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40996159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41037154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70765.999793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70746.273237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70765.999793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70746.273237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42154797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42197274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72765.996341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72746.269789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40996159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41037154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70765.999793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70746.273237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.521484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.663057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.551483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.306944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  68079378000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84217929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84825                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   166301                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    70.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1190632367                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084218                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84217929000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         84217918                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   84217918                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775027                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775364                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852232     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774414     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722657                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44630484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44664474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44630484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44664474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61807.883847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.910688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61807.883847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.910688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       705603                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           705603                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43186316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43219160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43186316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43219160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59807.883847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59805.910688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59807.883847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59805.910688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                706275                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44630484000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44664474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61807.883847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61805.910688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43186316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43219160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59807.883847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59805.910688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15710.294942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1412172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           706275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.010362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    20.882610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15689.401970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.957605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2167087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2167087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.712542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.712542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       705603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2150917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2150917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2150917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     91408640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     91408640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                91408640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4250672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3801196500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46213376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46250048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     45158592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         45158592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        705603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              705603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             435442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548735602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              549171044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        435442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            435442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       536211143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             536211143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       536211143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            435442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548735602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1085382187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    705603.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722084.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44098                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44099                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2126877                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              663842                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      705603                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    705603                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              43908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              43939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              43918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              43972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             44160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             44169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             44162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             44243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7079062750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3613285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20628881500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9795.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28545.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    662743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   655182                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                705603                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       110312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.618174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    721.688605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    307.429058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1685      1.53%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8996      8.16%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7208      6.53%     16.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2313      2.10%     18.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3367      3.05%     21.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2410      2.18%     23.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12731     11.54%     35.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2307      2.09%     37.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        69295     62.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        110312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.387152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.011054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      50.153853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          44096     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.009524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             44097    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46250048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 45157184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46250048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              45158592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        549.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        536.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     549.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     536.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    84217865000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58965.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46213376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     45157184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 435441.721679002570                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548735602.367994666100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 536194424.823721349239                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722084                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       705603                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20613985750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1995907850250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28547.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2828655.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             395127600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             210015300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584330140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1844633160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6647946240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20437290720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15129335040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         47248678200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.028735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  38781008500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2812160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42624760500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             392507220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             208618740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575440840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1838468340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6647946240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19577981520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15852963840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         47093926740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.191223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40670703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2812160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  40735065500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56900872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56900872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56908192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56908192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78797.739412                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78797.739412                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78797.182541                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78797.182541                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55456648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55456648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55463772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55463772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76797.742182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76797.742182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76797.185310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76797.185310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721954                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56889384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56889384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78806.603813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78806.603813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55445614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55445614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76806.606583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76806.606583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.616861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.616861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52574604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52617081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52574604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52617081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.163949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72784.300571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.163949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72784.300571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51130252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51171247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51130252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51171247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.166718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70784.303337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.166718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70784.303337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52574604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52617081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72800.163949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72784.300571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51130252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51171247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70800.166718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70784.303337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.804810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.152739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.062546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.589524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84217929000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100356446000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   181926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    75.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1326555755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100356446000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004110                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27017                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100356446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100356446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920451                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738634                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709370     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919502     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            260                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53478849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53512839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53478849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53512839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61829.476230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61827.814455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61829.476230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61827.814455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       848460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           848460                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51748967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51781811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51748967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51781811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59829.476230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59827.814455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59829.476230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59827.814455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                849132                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53478849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53512839000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59319.371728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61829.476230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61827.814455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51748967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51781811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57319.371728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59829.476230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59827.814455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15818.634774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1730142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           865516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.008696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.524436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 15801.101642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2595658                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2595658                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62576.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60576.361222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.758768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.413015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.758768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909038                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       848460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2579488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2579488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2579488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    109694336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    109694336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               109694336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5107814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4552581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55392896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     54301440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         54301440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        848460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              848460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             365417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          551596098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              551961515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        365417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            365417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       541085722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             541085722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       541085722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            365417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         551596098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1093047237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    848460.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864941.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001335196500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         53027                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         53027                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2550343                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              798247                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      848460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    848460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              52968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              52868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              52899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              52878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              52932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              53068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              53120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              53120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              53120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              53124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             53120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             53120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             53027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             53001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             52994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             53075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8497478500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4327570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24725866000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9817.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28567.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    793802                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   787831                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                848460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       132313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.028622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    722.374813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    307.098068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2003      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10769      8.14%      9.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8625      6.52%     16.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2771      2.09%     18.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4024      3.04%     21.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2890      2.18%     23.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15300     11.56%     35.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2764      2.09%     37.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        83167     62.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        132313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.321968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.009193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      45.737402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          53024     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          53027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.008685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             53026    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          53027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55392896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 54299776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55392896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              54301440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        551.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        541.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     551.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     541.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100356401000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58551.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55356224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     54299776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 365417.483994999202                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 551596097.773330807686                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 541069140.690773367882                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864941                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       848460                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14895750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24710970250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2395658122000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25996.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28569.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2823536.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             473453400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             251638860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3092905200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2216312820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7921480320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24279598590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18090897600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56326286790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.262271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46372313250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3350880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50633252750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             471275700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             250488975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086864760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2212512660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7921480320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23440924530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18797149440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56180696385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.811538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  48216272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3350880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48789294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68177806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  68177806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68185126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  68185126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78821.097635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78821.097635                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78820.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78820.630078                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66447868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66447868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66454992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66454992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76821.097635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76821.097635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76820.630078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76820.630078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864811                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68166318000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68166318000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78828.503762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78828.503762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66436834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66436834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76828.503762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76828.503762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.678474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.678474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883822                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62994396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63036873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62994396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63036873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72823.113107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72809.847605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72823.113107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72809.847605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61264330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61305325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61264330000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61305325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70823.113107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70809.847605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70823.113107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70809.847605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62994396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63036873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57323.886640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72823.113107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72809.847605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61264330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61305325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55323.886640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70823.113107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70809.847605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.997011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.806553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.730864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.459593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100356446000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
