
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26549910000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 602131                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                8564132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1041119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2283756208                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026550                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26549910000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1234833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268703                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699392                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037275                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26549910                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26549910                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8716202                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6872547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094044                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034324                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22870871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244263                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967863                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52102      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937377     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139437      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267606     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693784      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103546                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        43377                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24063                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests          87742                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            24063                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          611                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          4273                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave         7935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total         7935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       234368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.DynamicCache.mem_side::total       234368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  234368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3662    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             4273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           19515250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9019721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9019721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9019721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9019721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17554                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17554                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2406279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2406279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2406279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2406279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 137078.671528                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137078.671528                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 137078.671528                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137078.671528                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2371171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2371171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2371171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2371171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 135078.671528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135078.671528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 135078.671528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135078.671528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17042                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9019721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9019721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2406279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2406279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 137078.671528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137078.671528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2371171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2371171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 135078.671528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135078.671528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               495.591461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                514.827105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                729000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   495.591461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.967952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.967952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9054829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9054829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              234368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5910679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            2916771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                8827450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5910679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5910679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5910679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           2916771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               8827450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2452.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14142                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3662                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3662                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47460250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                116122750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12960.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31710.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3662                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.693632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.777607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.693009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::64-127          469     40.36%     40.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-191          222     19.10%     59.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::192-255          110      9.47%     68.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-319           86      7.40%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::320-383           52      4.48%     80.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-447           58      4.99%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::448-511           34      2.93%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-575           25      2.15%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::576-639           32      2.75%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-703           73      6.28%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  234368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   234368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          8.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       8.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22913423000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     6257078.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        77440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5910679.169910557568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 2916770.715983594768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1210                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     70979750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     45143000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28947.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     37308.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3462900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1840575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12951960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2095307760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1256699520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9136892160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12507154875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.080877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23742691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    886340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1920879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4833780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2569215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13194720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2095307760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1460201490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8965522080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12541629045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.379343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23294568500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    886340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2369001500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           12006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          12006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2066346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1754285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3820631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2066346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1754285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3820631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.365220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.365220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 372448.810382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 164644.298451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235797.753502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 372448.810382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 164644.298451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235797.753502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3496571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3496571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 352448.810382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 144644.298451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215797.753502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 352448.810382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 144644.298451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 215797.753502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     24959                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        12831                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        12831                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total              22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       288000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         1040                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1040                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           1042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730798000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    730798000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.500480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 701341.650672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 701341.650672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709958000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709958000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 681341.650672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 681341.650672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12006                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        15116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        27122                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         9613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2066346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1023487000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   3089833000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42283                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388734                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 372448.810382                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106469.052325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203801.398325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        15161                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1955386000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831227000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2786613000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.316053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 352448.810382                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86469.052325                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183801.398325                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              980.803916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                25982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.882996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               708000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.516431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   788.294392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   153.993092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.769819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.150384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.957816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               113723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              113723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             3038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data             9438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                12476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            3038                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data            9438                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total               12476                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data           1217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total               3727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2510                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data          1217                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total              3727                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total   2520032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total   2520032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total            16203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total           16203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.114219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.230019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.114219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.230019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 670892.430279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687010.682005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 676155.621143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 670892.430279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 687010.682005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 676155.621143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            878                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks              31                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                    31                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total          3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2329955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2329955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.114219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.114219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 619892.430279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636010.682005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 625155.621143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 619892.430279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636010.682005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 625155.621143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                        922                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          492                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total             996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685730000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    685730000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.955854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955854                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 688483.935743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688483.935743                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634934000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634934000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.955854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637483.935743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637483.935743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3038                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         9392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         12430                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2731                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1683940000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150362000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1834302000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15161                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.180133                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 670892.430279                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 680371.040724                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 671659.465397                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2731                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555930000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139091000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1695021000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.452415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 619892.430279                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 629371.040724                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 620659.465397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              2514.661087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                   36687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                  3821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  9.601413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                657000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.477332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1578.220233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   910.963522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.385308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.222403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.613931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                 41000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses                41000                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1930350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1930350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1941240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1941240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26842                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26842                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2220820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2220820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2220820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2220820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82792.275574                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82792.275574                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82736.755830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82736.755830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           1163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   387.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2167172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2167172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2175212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2175212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80792.275574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80792.275574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81052.725714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81052.725714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26309                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1233079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1233079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         24716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             24716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1456784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1456784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58940.928953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58940.928953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1407352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1407352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56940.928953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56940.928953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         697271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             697271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    764036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    764036000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.003014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 362445.920304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 362445.920304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 360445.920304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 360445.920304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10890                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001650                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8040000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8040000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001192                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001192                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 618461.538462                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 618461.538462                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               483.829668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 73.405580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1464000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   483.829668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.944980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.944980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1994893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1994893                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_hits::total             65                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           58                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.overall_hits::total            65                       # number of overall hits
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_misses::total         3662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_misses::total         3662                       # number of overall misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1420380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1420380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_accesses::total         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_accesses::total         3727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.982560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.982560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579274.061990                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 587642.975207                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 582039.322774                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579274.061990                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 587642.975207                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 582039.322774                       # average overall miss latency
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1655368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1655368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449274.061990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 457642.975207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452039.322774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449274.061990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 457642.975207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452039.322774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.replacements                  794                       # number of replacements
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_hits::total           31                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           31                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          611                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          611                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583748000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    583748000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          996                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 587863.041289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 587863.041289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454658000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454658000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 457863.041289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457863.041289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1420380000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127300000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1547680000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2731                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977298                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 579274.061990                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 586635.944700                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579872.611465                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2669                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101620000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99090000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200710000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.976892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.981900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 449274.061990                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 456635.944700                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449872.611465                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.DynamicCache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.DynamicCache.tags.tagsinuse        2514.675282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.DynamicCache.tags.total_refs              3833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.sampled_refs            3693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.avg_refs            1.037910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.DynamicCache.tags.warmup_cycle          527000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.677190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1581.872003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   913.126089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.386199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.222931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2899                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.DynamicCache.tags.tag_accesses            8137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.data_accesses           8137                       # Number of data accesses
system.DynamicCache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               42283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23538                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             46457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               2082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              2082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          42283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  132133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1123456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                             26644                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                      438592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples              71035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.338763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.473292                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                    46971     66.12%     66.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                    24064     33.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total                71035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            121112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            52662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            80459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26549910000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
