
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  195019000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 280821                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 801800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   554649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1920769516                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                       28463                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         56295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   195019000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                              6323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                       28463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         56295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        5990                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        6672                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       38171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                           195019                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               195018.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads                33289                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes               17371                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         4823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2696                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2696                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 955                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 55078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        55078                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads              107553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              42231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        5985                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                         12657                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       6672                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   417      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                     42260     75.06%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.05%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.04%     75.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      25      0.04%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        2      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      274      0.49%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.02%     76.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      216      0.38%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     388      0.69%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     5775     10.26%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                    5144      9.14%     96.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 210      0.37%     97.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1528      2.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                      56301                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    30                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            37213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total                37213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           37213                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total               37213                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           958                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               958                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        38171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total            38171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        38171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total           38171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61371.607516                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61371.607516                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61371.607516                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61371.607516                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59371.607516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59371.607516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59371.607516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59371.607516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        526                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           37213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total               37213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        38171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total           38171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61371.607516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61371.607516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59371.607516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59371.607516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               282.924413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   38171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 39.844468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   282.924413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.552587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.552587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses                 39129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses                39129                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total         2638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   83648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1307    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            6974250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           30976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               83648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data              484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 1307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          270086504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          158835806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              428922310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     270086504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         270086504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         270086504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         158835806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             428922310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       823.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000544500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 2664                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         1307                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       1307                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      10802000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     6535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 35308250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8264.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27014.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   1307                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.761905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.436705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.873745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           120     35.71%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          101     30.06%     65.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           51     15.18%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      4.76%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      2.08%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      3.57%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      1.79%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      1.79%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      5.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   83648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    83648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        428.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     428.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      194667000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      148941.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        30976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 270086504.391879796982                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 158835805.742004632950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          823                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21603500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     13704750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26249.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28315.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy                842520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                444015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              3334380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      15366000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy          72432750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy          13891680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy           106311345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         545.133269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35466750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF      6500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    153052250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               1563660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy                831105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy              5997600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      15366000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy          85255470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy           3093600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy           112107435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.853912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7308000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF      6500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    181211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            12089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total                12089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12089                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total               12089                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total                567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data           567                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total               567                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     35598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     35598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total            12656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total           12656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62783.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62783.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62783.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62783.068783                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks             152                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                   152                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     34464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60783.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60783.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60783.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60783.068783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                        209                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            5776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                5776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            5990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53612.149533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53612.149533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51612.149533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51612.149533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           6313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               6313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total              353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           6666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.052955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68342.776204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68342.776204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052955                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66342.776204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66342.776204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               232.608203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                   12656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                   567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.320988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   232.608203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.454313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.454313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.699219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                 13223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses                13223                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             83                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             1307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     84107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     84107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            1525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           1525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.857049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.857049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63582.017011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65659.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64351.185922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63582.017011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65659.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64351.185922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61582.017011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63659.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62351.185922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61582.017011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63659.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62351.185922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                        20                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total               16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total            337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.954674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.954674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65065.281899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65065.281899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21253000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21253000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.954674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63065.281899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63065.281899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst          135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          147                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52328000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9852000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     62180000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.686916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.827645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63582.017011                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67020.408163                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64103.092784                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          823                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          147                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50682000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9558000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60240000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.686916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61582.017011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65020.408163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62103.092784                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              715.225463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   2256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 1308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.724771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.530810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   414.090896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   300.603757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.018347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.043654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.078613                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 3568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                3568                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                1172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           152                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict               583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq                353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp               353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           1172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                    3785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        46016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   107328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy              2868000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy             2835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    195019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
