
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4267436000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 261085                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1307128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   493765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1114028627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4267436000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4267425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4267425                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.549749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.549749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.970897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.970897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            28142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57471750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          401344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          289664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              691008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       222016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           222016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           94048042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67877761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161925803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      94048042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          94048042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        52025619                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              52025619                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        52025619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          94048042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67877761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213951422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2000.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1859                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89909000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    51615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                283465250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8709.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27459.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7308                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1645                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3469                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.503143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    151.377696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.769497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1351     40.44%     40.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          924     27.66%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          424     12.69%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          206      6.17%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           92      2.75%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      2.42%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      1.41%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      1.50%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.265487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     166.121998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              71     62.83%     62.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            21     18.58%     81.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      6.19%     87.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      7.08%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.77%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.88%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.88%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.88%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.451327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.424808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     28.32%     28.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.77%     30.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                76     67.26%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.77%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  660672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   126208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   691008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                222016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        154.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      52.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4266976000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299101.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       401344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       259328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       126208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 94048041.962433636189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60769042.582009427249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29574667.317799255252                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3469                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    170096750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    113368500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105044588750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27124.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25048.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30280942.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10045980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5335770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35592900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4113360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1271726430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         567768000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2231405160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.891301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1463836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2661119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13815900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7343325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38113320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6180480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1274689860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         565272480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2242238085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.429810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1455700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2669255500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    392040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    397584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40995.503503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40995.503503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40516.050138                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40516.050138                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38995.712642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38995.712642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38516.253949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38516.253949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42530.063291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42530.063291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40530.350978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40530.350978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36909.613175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36909.613175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34909.613175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34909.613175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        22176                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22176                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20176                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20176                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.712786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.712786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.928566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.928566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.985703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.200595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   267.785773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.999335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.523019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.966769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8309103000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 253871                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1310536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   437040                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1054657166                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008309                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8309103000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448743                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597500                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8309092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8309092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1853037                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171440                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281991                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33059                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33059                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                57589                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               26772                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413130                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7008014                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716750                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448693                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768183                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8005      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637152     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5225      0.15%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5574      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4712      0.14%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7624      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 707      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1814      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 175      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2640      0.08%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                174      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443964     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317959      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4729      0.14%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1531      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443163                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583599                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583599                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13901                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13901                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13645                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.159834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2318326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.902968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.159834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611401                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           96396500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          532416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          627712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1160128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       532416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         532416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       808192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           808192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           64076231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75545098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              139621329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      64076231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          64076231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        97265854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              97265854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        97265854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          64076231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75545098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             236887183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8319.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8850.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           609                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           609                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48883                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10218                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18127                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12628                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1779                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     153311750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                475230500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8929.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27679.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12127                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18127                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12628                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     275.639274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.053800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    292.582281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2319     35.69%     35.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1815     27.93%     63.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          780     12.00%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          423      6.51%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          245      3.77%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          182      2.80%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          109      1.68%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      1.43%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          532      8.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       28.164204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      77.979138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             565     92.78%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            23      3.78%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      1.15%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      1.31%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.763547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.742774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.846773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                95     15.60%     15.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      1.31%     16.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               465     76.35%     93.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                29      4.76%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.81%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1098816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    61312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   692352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1160128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                808192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        132.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         83.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     139.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      97.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8308255000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      270143.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       532416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       566400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       692352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 64076230.611174277961                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 68166202.777844980359                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 83324517.700647115707                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9808                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12628                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    231650500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    243580000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 202050042250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27845.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24834.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16000161.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20263320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10770210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             58769340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            26230500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      655820880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2319814500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1237167840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4328836590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.975199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3193570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    277420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4838113000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26139540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13889700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             63817320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            30239460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      655820880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2449669050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1127816640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4367392590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.615411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2907189750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    277420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5124493250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    901745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    901745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36155.126098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36155.126098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36323.603561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36323.603561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    851863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34155.126098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34155.126098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34323.682345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34323.682345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    725966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    725966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       445039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          445039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38046.538441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38046.538441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36046.538441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36046.538441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175779000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    175779000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29996.416382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29996.416382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27996.416382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27996.416382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3255                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3255                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          445                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             445                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3700                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3700                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45766.292135                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45766.292135                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          445                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19478000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19478000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120270                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120270                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43770.786517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43770.786517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.607949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  755787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.076286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.607949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.963312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793606                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29346                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.261701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.420006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   210.133011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.708685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.410416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86032                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13412759000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 243344                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   432165                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1087944856                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013413                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13412759000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652193                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459456                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13412748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13412748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764650                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422934                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276601                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276601                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508238                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88307                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116282                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060242                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652025                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111465                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459440                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11420      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010599     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18676      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6304      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24934      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614580     11.53%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441551      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37445      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17889      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948191                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948191                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34477                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34477                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34220                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.621046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.264115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.621046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017144                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           126039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          192612250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1217280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1094336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2311616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1217280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1217280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            19020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           90755377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81589179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              172344556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      90755377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          90755377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        85812024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              85812024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        85812024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          90755377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81589179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             258156581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     19020.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                90577                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14375                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36119                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17984                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36119                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     331245250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   173710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                982657750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9534.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28284.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36119                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.958801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.731839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.299747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5081     38.77%     38.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3862     29.47%     68.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1423     10.86%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          884      6.74%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          419      3.20%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          319      2.43%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      1.56%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          176      1.34%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          739      5.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       39.856481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.941388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             764     88.43%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48      5.56%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      2.43%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      1.62%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.23%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.622685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.912762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               185     21.41%     21.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      1.74%     23.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               618     71.53%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      3.94%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.27%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2223488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    88128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   974464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2311616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1150976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        165.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         72.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     172.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      85.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13412496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      247906.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1217280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1006208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       974464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 90755377.025711119175                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75018719.116626188159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 72652017.381360545754                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        19020                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17099                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17984                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    540693750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    441964000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 323029054250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28427.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25847.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17962024.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              40776540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21673245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            114589860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            38628000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3951734190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1822723680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7048535595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.509747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4701369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8263669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52836000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28067820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            133468020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            40851720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4357660260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1480891200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7152185100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.237427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3808003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9157036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065530                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065530                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1562549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1655307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35024.522000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35024.522000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35925.579477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35925.579477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1473323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1563155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1563155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33024.522000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33024.522000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33925.579477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33925.579477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1134780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1134780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37457.666282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37457.666282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1074190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35457.666282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35457.666282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    427769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29876.309540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29876.309540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27876.309540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27876.309540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.181696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.512222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.181696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.977272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.977272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157682                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50406                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.586690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   108.529090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   202.875441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   195.182159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.211971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.396241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.381215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159490                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2206464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6948544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18962488000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 226724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1332340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   421061                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1074756059                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000163                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7428986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18962488000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            836399                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7428986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      919205                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      620074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5310940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           329                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18962477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18962477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3971597                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2400849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       615394                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 307183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        307183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               558472                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264326                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136583                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7186560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7186560                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13979008                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5710362                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      918919                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1538977                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     620058                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23122      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5651438     76.07%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    18426      0.25%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1584      0.02%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12804      0.17%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2042      0.03%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    23000      0.31%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.01%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10328      0.14%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28266      0.38%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    418      0.01%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35976      0.48%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24781      0.33%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3158      0.04%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51305      0.69%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   874044     11.77%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  600004      8.08%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               44875      0.60%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20054      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7429045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5238399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5238399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5238399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5238399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          72541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              72541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         72541                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             72541                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3284474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3284474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3284474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3284474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5310940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5310940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5310940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5310940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45277.484457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45277.484457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45277.484457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45277.484457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         72541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3139392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3139392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3139392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3139392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43277.484457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43277.484457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43277.484457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43277.484457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      72285                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5238399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5238399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         72541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             72541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3284474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3284474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5310940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5310940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45277.484457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45277.484457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3139392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3139392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43277.484457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43277.484457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.317292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5268142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 72285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 72.880155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.317292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5383481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5383481                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               58211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              58211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       137174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       137174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 137174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5053632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5053632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5053632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           161971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          311357500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2329472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1396032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3725504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2329472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2329472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1328128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1328128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            36398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                58211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         20752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               20752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          122846327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73620719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              196467046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     122846327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         122846327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        70039754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              70039754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        70039754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         122846327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73620719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             266506800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     17224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     36398.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           981                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           981                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               137788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               16234                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        58211                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       20752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      58211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     20752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     582557500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   281460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1638032500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10348.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29098.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     36553                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14590                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  58211                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 20752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    56292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.475969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.680590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.975274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9504     42.53%     42.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6896     30.86%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2249     10.06%     83.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1396      6.25%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          609      2.73%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          407      1.82%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          247      1.11%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          216      0.97%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          822      3.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       57.328236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     116.969167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             784     79.92%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            89      9.07%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           47      4.79%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           24      2.45%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.61%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      0.41%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.41%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.31%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      0.71%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.20%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.31%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.31%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.20%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.530071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.503417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               251     25.59%     25.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      1.94%     27.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               664     67.69%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                35      3.57%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.12%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3602688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   122816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1100608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3725504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1328128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        189.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         58.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     196.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      70.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18959478000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      240105.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2329472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1273216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1100608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 122846326.916594490409                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67143931.745665445924                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 58041328.753906130791                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21813                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        20752                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1052748250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    585284250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 461645071750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28923.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26831.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22245811.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              68115600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36204300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            175765380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            42939720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5806832820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2391631200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10018137420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.313448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6163810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12165577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              91434840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48598770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            226159500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            46828620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6415304400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1879234080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10204208610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         538.126042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4824772250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13504615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1475816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1475816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1484186                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1484186                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          53571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              53571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55034                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55034                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1983090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1983090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2075848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2075848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1529387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1529387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1539220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1539220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37017.976144                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37017.976144                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37719.373478                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37719.373478                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32048                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32048                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         53571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1875950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1965782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1965782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35018.013477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35018.013477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35719.409819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35719.409819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54777                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          872742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              872742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1439629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1439629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       909368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          909368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39306.203244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39306.203244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1366379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1366379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37306.257850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37306.257850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         603074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             603074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    543461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         620019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32072.056654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32072.056654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027330                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30072.056654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30072.056654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.884532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1516450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.684064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.884532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1594253                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1594253                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         21814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             58212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            58212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2521900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3967920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2521900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3967920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          127575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         127575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.456296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.456296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69286.773999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66288.621986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68163.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69286.773999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66288.621986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68163.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          20752                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                20752                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2449104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3851498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2449104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3851498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67286.773999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64288.713670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.299663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67286.773999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64288.713670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.299663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     74763                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            58212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2521900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1446020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3967920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        72541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         127575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.456296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69286.773999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66288.621986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68163.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2449104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1402394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3851498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.501758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67286.773999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64288.713670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.299663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32048                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32048                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32048                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32048                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.170997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 156915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.098832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.622562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   224.037764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.510672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.192622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.362326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               234898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              234898                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               127575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              127574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32048                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       145082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  287197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5573184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4642624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10215808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           362705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            287815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           275165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18962488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24257196000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216765                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1332472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   415446                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1051603627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9583000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024257                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24257196000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1122534                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9583000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1198836                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           387                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      784897                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           220                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6633601                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           330                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24257185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24257185                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5236995                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3059708                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       829353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 318682                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        318682                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               577317                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              273831                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      184949                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9314293                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9314293                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17903327                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7402205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1198502                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1983383                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     784881                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41722      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7333513     76.52%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19041      0.20%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1584      0.02%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12960      0.14%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2962      0.03%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25710      0.27%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.01%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12850      0.13%     77.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   30260      0.32%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    554      0.01%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35976      0.38%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24830      0.26%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3158      0.03%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51305      0.54%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1151007     12.01%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  764484      7.98%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               47495      0.50%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20397      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9583228                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    87                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6522406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6522406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6522406                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6522406                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         111195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             111195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        111195                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            111195                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4574715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4574715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4574715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4574715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6633601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6633601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6633601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6633601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41141.373263                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41141.373263                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41141.373263                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41141.373263                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        111195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       111195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4352327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4352327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4352327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4352327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39141.391250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39141.391250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39141.391250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39141.391250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     110938                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6522406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6522406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        111195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            111195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4574715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4574715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6633601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6633601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41141.373263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41141.373263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       111195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4352327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4352327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39141.391250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39141.391250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.684583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6543485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                110938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 58.983261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.684583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6744795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6744795                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               76097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       176998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       176998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 176998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6457664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6457664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6457664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           200117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          407042000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3087680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1782528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4870208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3087680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3087680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1587456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1587456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            48245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            27852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                76097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24804                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          127289238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73484503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              200773742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     127289238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         127289238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        65442683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              65442683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        65442683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         127289238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73484503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             266216425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     20875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     48245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25405.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1197                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1197                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               177751                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19671                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        76097                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24804                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      76097                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24804                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2447                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     759461500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   368250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2140399000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10311.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29061.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     47900                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    17447                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  76097                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24804                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    73650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        29146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.467508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.043770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    228.157304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12635     43.35%     43.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8805     30.21%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2863      9.82%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1934      6.64%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          836      2.87%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          509      1.75%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          289      0.99%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          252      0.86%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1023      3.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         29146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       61.497911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     107.824889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             879     73.43%     73.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           169     14.12%     87.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           87      7.27%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           25      2.09%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.50%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      0.33%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.33%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.25%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      0.58%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.17%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.25%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.25%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.17%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.416876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.387677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               371     30.99%     30.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                23      1.92%     32.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               749     62.57%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                42      3.51%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      0.92%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4713600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   156608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1334272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4870208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1587456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        194.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     200.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      65.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24257058000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      240404.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3087680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1625920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1334272                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 127289238.212034061551                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67028357.275919273496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55005203.404383584857                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        48245                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        27852                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24804                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1390863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    749535750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 588964056500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28829.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26911.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23744720.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              87165120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              46325565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            230265000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            49689180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1914603600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7209099510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3243942720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12781090695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.898933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8366894750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    809900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15080401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             120973020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              64283505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            295596000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            59137380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1914603600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8000778210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2577265920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13032637635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         537.268926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6624832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    809900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16822463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1911166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1911166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1919536                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1919536                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          61308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              61308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2382756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2382756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2559001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2559001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1972474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1972474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1983505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1983505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38865.335682                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38865.335682                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40003.767450                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40003.767450                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36830                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36830                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        61308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         61308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2260140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2260140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2431063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2431063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36865.335682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36865.335682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38003.767450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38003.767450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      63713                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1146341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1146341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1684817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1684817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1187661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1187661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40774.854792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40774.854792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1602177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1602177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38774.854792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38774.854792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         764825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             764825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    697939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    697939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       784813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         784813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34917.900740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34917.900740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    657963000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025468                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32917.900740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32917.900740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2661                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2661                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176245000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    176245000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11031                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11031                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241229                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.241229                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66232.619316                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66232.619316                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2661                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2661                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170923000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170923000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241229                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241229                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64232.619316                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64232.619316                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.782830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1936794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 63713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.398726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.782830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2047474                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2047474                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           62949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               99066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          62949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              99066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3338139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5186784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3338139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5186784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          175164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         175164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69189.963935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66373.869022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68159.268312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69189.963935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66373.869022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68159.268312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3241649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1792941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5034590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3241649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1792941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5034590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67190.005389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64373.869022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66159.294594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67190.005389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64373.869022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66159.294594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95223                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          62949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              99066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3338139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1848645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5186784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       111195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         175164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69189.963935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66373.869022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68159.268312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3241649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1792941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5034590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.433886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67190.005389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64373.869022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66159.294594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36830                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36830                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36830                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36830                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.006768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 206893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.172721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.868909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   213.103733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.034125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.416218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.392645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               307729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              307729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               175164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              175163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36830                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       222389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  387157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6451136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7116416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13567552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           555970000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            359314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           319845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24257196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29372254000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 207829                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1339260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   404873                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1017371323                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11688930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029372                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29372254000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1398654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11688930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1443496                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           508                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      932441                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7948179                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           425                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29372243                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29372243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6521102                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3719764                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1033611                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 337665                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        337665                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607703                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              289542                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      233371                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11390518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11390518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21748378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9066329                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1443065                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2375490                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     932425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 58831      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9015702     77.13%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19803      0.17%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1591      0.01%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   13532      0.12%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4496      0.04%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30411      0.26%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.01%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16634      0.14%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   32748      0.28%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    829      0.01%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35982      0.31%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               25215      0.22%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3161      0.03%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51323      0.44%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2111      0.02%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1391238     11.90%     91.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  911213      7.80%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51827      0.44%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              21212      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11689171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7811350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7811350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7811350                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7811350                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         136829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             136829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        136829                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            136829                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5738135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5738135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5738135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5738135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7948179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7948179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7948179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7948179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41936.541230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41936.541230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41936.541230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41936.541230                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        136829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       136829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5464477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5464477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5464477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5464477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39936.541230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39936.541230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39936.541230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39936.541230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     136573                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7811350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7811350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        136829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            136829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5738135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5738135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7948179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7948179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41936.541230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41936.541230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       136829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5464477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5464477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39936.541230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39936.541230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.913657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7676038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                136573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 56.204652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.913657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8085008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8085008                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               95682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              95682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       219896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       219896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 219896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7949696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      7949696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7949696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           238342000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          512133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3914496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2209152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6123648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3914496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3914496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1826048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1826048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            61164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                95682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         28532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               28532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          133271897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75212205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              208484102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     133271897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         133271897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        62169148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              62169148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        62169148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         133271897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75212205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             270653250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     24221.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     61164.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1394                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1394                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               220992                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               22829                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        95682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       28532                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      95682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     28532                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4311                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              7195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               3295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     969371750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   464080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2709671750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10444.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29194.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     59865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    19870                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  95682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 28532                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    92813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        37278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     200.881163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.770836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.804892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16572     44.46%     44.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11205     30.06%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3590      9.63%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2416      6.48%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1071      2.87%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          622      1.67%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          344      0.92%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          287      0.77%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1171      3.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         37278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       66.081779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     102.229935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             935     67.07%     67.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           272     19.51%     86.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          117      8.39%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           31      2.22%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      0.50%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      0.36%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.29%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.22%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      0.50%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.14%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.22%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.22%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.14%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.358680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.328491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.016257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               471     33.79%     33.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                26      1.87%     35.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               836     59.97%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      3.52%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      0.79%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5940224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   183424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1548672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6123648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1826048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        202.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         52.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     208.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      62.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29371754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      236460.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3914496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2025728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1548672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 133271896.668195769191                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 68967400.322767198086                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 52725677.777401760221                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34518                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        28532                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1763769250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    945902500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 705882159000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28836.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27403.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24740016.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             111869520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59460060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            297181080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            55472940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2318422080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8933142600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3756299520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15531847800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.793187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9683311500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    980720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18708222500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             154302540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              82009950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            365525160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70840620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2318422080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9803602710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3023280480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15817983540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         538.534889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7767359500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    980720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20624174500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2293118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2293118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2301489                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2301489                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          71537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              71537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74207                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74207                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2937294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2937294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3114105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3114105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2364655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2364655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2375696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2375696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41059.787243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41059.787243                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41965.111108                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41965.111108                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           41579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 41579                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         71537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2794222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2794222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2965693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2965693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39059.815201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39059.815201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39965.138060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39965.138060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      73950                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1383605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1383605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2101471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2101471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1432311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43146.039502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43146.039502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2004061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41146.080565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41146.080565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         909513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             909513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        22831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            22831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835823000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    835823000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       932344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         932344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36609.127940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36609.127940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024488                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024488                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34609.127940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34609.127940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2670                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176811000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    176811000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11041                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11041                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.241826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171471000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171471000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.343087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2373975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 73950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.102434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.343087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2449902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2449902                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           75665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           39688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              115353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          75665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          39688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             115353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         61164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             95683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            95683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4232554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2309999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6542553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4232554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2309999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6542553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          211036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         211036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.453397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.453397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69200.085017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66919.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68377.381562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69200.085017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66919.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68377.381562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        95683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        95683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4110226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2240963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6351189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4110226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2240963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6351189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67200.085017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64919.696399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66377.402464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67200.085017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64919.696399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66377.402464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    117537                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          75665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          39688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             115353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            95683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4232554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2309999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6542553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       136829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         211036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.453397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69200.085017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66919.638460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68377.381562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        95683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4110226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2240963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6351189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67200.085017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64919.696399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66377.402464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41579                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41579                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.528027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 252082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               117537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.144703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.540065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.389572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   208.598390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.182695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.407419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               370664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              370664                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               211036                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              211035                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         41579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       273658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7410240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8757056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16167296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           684145000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418931000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           371030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29372254000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                33000519000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 203674                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1339392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   395576                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              960188022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13595464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.033001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 33000519000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1644864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13595464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1627390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           516                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1031222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           276                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211752                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           426                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         33000519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   33000519                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7589748                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4303574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1179459                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 337749                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        337749                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607847                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              289614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      294534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13296957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13296957                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25484117                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10627771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1626956                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2658162                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1031206                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 58846      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10639483     78.26%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19803      0.15%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1591      0.01%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   13532      0.10%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4496      0.03%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30459      0.22%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16646      0.12%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   32760      0.24%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    829      0.01%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35982      0.26%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               25215      0.19%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3161      0.02%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51323      0.38%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2111      0.02%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1575117     11.59%     92.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1009994      7.43%     99.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51839      0.38%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              21212      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13595711                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9074861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9074861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9074861                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9074861                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         136891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             136891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        136891                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            136891                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5742417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5742417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5742417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5742417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41948.827900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41948.827900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41948.827900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41948.827900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        136891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       136891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5468635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5468635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39948.827900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39948.827900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39948.827900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39948.827900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     136635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9074861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9074861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        136891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            136891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5742417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5742417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41948.827900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41948.827900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       136891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5468635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5468635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39948.827900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39948.827900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.033096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                136891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.292605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.033096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9348643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9348643                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              103023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             103023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       236070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       236070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 236070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      8515008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      8515008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8515008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           253143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          551030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3918400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2675072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6593472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3918400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3918400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            61225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            41798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               103023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          118737527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81061513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              199799040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     118737527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         118737527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58227448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58227448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58227448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         118737527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81061513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             258026487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     25436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     61225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1462                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1462                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               237864                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               23985                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       103023                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     103023                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2980                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4588                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               4116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               3299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1027503250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   500215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2903309500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10270.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29020.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     65677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    20944                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 103023                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        38838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     206.731964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.623592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    227.510532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16855     43.40%     43.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11795     30.37%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3763      9.69%     83.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2503      6.44%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1158      2.98%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          690      1.78%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          409      1.05%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          332      0.85%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1333      3.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         38838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       68.427497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     109.699645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             980     67.03%     67.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           281     19.22%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          119      8.14%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           34      2.33%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      0.68%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      0.41%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      0.34%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      0.27%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      0.48%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      0.21%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.21%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.21%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      0.21%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.387141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.357763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.002010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               472     32.28%     32.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                26      1.78%     34.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               903     61.76%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      3.35%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      0.75%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6402752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   190720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1626880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6593472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1921536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        194.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         49.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     199.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    33000336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      248035.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3918400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2484352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1626880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 118737526.521931365132                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75282209.955546453595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49298618.606574036181                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        41798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30024                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1765210500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1138099000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 801275403250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28831.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27228.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26687829.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             120508920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              64040625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            329032620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            61637760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2604844320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10310175960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3989946240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         17480186445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.694289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10278250250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1101880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21620388750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             156822960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              83349585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            385274400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            71054640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2604844320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10553599020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3784958400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         17639903325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         534.534118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9740363000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1101880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  22158276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2567127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2567127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2575498                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2575498                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          80197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              80197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         82867                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             82867                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3486123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3486123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3662934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3662934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2647324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2647324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2658365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2658365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43469.493871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43469.493871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44202.565557                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44202.565557                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43414                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         80197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        82867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3325729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3325729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3497200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41469.493871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41469.493871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42202.565557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42202.565557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      82611                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1559767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1559767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2590010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2590010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1616205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1616205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45891.243488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45891.243488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2477134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2477134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43891.243488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43891.243488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1007360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1007360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    896113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    896113000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1031119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1031119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37716.781009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37716.781009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848595000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848595000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35716.781009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35716.781009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8371                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2670                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176811000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    176811000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11041                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11041                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.241826                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2670                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171471000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171471000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.241826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241826                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64221.348315                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.635203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2658365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 82867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.079899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.635203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2741232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2741232                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           75666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           41069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              116735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          75666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          41069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             116735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         61225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            103023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           103023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4236455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2794427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7030882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4236455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2794427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7030882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        82867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          219758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        82867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         219758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.468802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.468802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69194.855043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66855.519403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68245.750949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69194.855043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66855.519403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68245.750949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          30024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                30024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       103023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4114005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2710831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6824836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4114005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2710831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6824836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67194.855043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64855.519403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66245.750949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67194.855043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64855.519403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66245.750949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    126146                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          75666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          41069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             116735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           103023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4236455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2794427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7030882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       136891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        82867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         219758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.468802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69194.855043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66855.519403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68245.750949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4114005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2710831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6824836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.447254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67194.855043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64855.519403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66245.750949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.799810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 263172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               126658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.077816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.656170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   184.749856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   234.393783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.177063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.360840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.457800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               389830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              389830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               219758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              219758                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       209148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       273782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  482930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8081984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8761024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16843008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           684455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            436828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           414335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  33000519000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
